{\rtf1\ansi\deff1
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil MS Sans Serif;}{\f1\fswiss Arial;}{\f2\fmodern Courier New;}{\f3\froman Symbol;}{\f4\froman Times New Roman;}{\f5\froman Courier;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green0\blue0;\red0\green128\blue0;\red0\green0\blue128;\red0\green255\blue0;\red0\green0\blue160;\red128\green0\blue0;}
{\stylesheet{\fs32 \snext0 Normal;}
}\pard\plain
{\up +}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up +} BROWSE0001:0001}
{\up $}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up $} Welcome to KeyNote}
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} Welcome_Keynote}
\pard {\up K}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up K} general information;overview;welcome}
\b\fs32\cf1 Welcome to KeyNote
\par \plain\fs20\cf2 
\par \plain\b\fs24 Keynote is a flexible, multi-featured tabbed notebook,\plain\fs24  based on Windows standard RichEdit control. It's always acessible with a single keypress, even if you work in another application. It's certainly more fun to use than pen and paper! A large number of text formatting functions allows you to create very readable, clear, and well-organized notes.
\par 
\par \b The basic idea in KeyNote is that you can have many separate notes within a single file.\plain\fs24  This means that you do not need to open several files - for most purposes it is enough to create only one file and several notes inside it. With the addition of the \b tree-type notes\plain\fs24 , you now have a three-dimensional notebook: many notes within one file and a multi-level, nested pages within a single note. 
\par \pard 
\par Optionally, \b KeyNote can encrypt your data securely\plain\fs24  using the \ul\cf1 Blowfish\plain\fs24  or \ul\cf1 Idea\plain\fs24  algorithms. Keynote's interface and behavior are extremely configurable. 
\par 
\par KeyNote is as simple to use as any text editor, but if you want, you can use many advanced functions that KeyNote offers, such as \b sending notes via email, glossary, hyperlinks, macros, styles, plugins, virtual nodes\plain\fs24 , and much more.
\par 
\par \b\cf3 KeyNote is free, and will always remain so. Do not pay for it!\plain\fs24 
\par 
\par \b See also:\plain\fs24 
\par \pard \uldb \cf4 KeyNote is an Open-Source project\plain\fs24\cf4 {\v KeyNote_Is_OpenSource}\plain\fs24 
\par \uldb \cf4 Quick Start\plain\fs24\cf4 {\v Quick_Start}\plain\fs24 
\par \uldb \cf4 Feature Highlights\plain\fs24\cf4 {\v Features}\plain\fs24 
\par \uldb \cf4 Hints and Tips\plain\fs24\cf4 {\v Hints_and_tips}\plain\fs24 
\par 
\par \cf3 Note: This Help file is a work in progress. It is not yet complete.\plain\fs24 
\par 
\par \b\fs20 The concept of KeyNote is based on a similar tabbed notebook application I have been using for several years:\plain\fs20  Dart Notes, by Andre v.d. Merwe. KeyNote can open and save files in Dart Notes format. \uldb \cf4 Click here for more information\plain\fs20\cf4 {\v Information_For_Dart_Notes_Users}\plain\fs20  if you have used Dart Notes before.\page
{\up +}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up +} BROWSE0001:0002}
{\up $}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up $} KeyNote is Open-Source}
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} KeyNote_Is_OpenSource}
\pard {\up K}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up K} downloading: source code;Mozilla Public License;Open-Source;source code}
\b\fs32\cf1 KeyNote is Open-Source
\par \plain\fs20\cf2 
\par \plain\fs20 As of version 1.0, KeyNote has become an Open-Source project. You can \uldb \cf4 download full source code\plain\fs20\cf4 {\v KeyNote_on_the_web}\plain\fs20  for KeyNote from the author's website.
\par 
\par KeyNote - the binary file and the source code - are licensed to you on the conditions set forth in \uldb \cf4 Mozilla Public License\plain\fs20\cf4 {\v License}\plain\fs20  (MPL). You can only use KeyNote and its source code if you agree to and abide by the conditions of this license.
\par 
\par A special, separate project has been established for the purpose of open-source development of KeyNote. If you'd like to join the team, point your browser to \uldb \f2\cf1 http://keynote.sourceforge.net\plain\f2\ul\fs20\cf1 {\v *!EF("http://keynote.sourceforge.net",`',1,`')}\plain\fs20\cf2  .
\par \plain\fs20 
\par \pard 
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par \page
{\up +}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up +} BROWSE0001:0003}
{\up $}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up $} What's New}
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} Whats_New}
\pard {\up K}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up K} changes;history;recent changes;what's new}
\b\fs32\cf1 What's New
\par \plain\fs20\cf2 
\par \plain\fs20 KeyNote is updated very often - more often that this Help file. A very detailed list of changes and additions in the latest release is contained in the file called "History.txt". The file is located in the "\'5cdoc" subdirectory, below the directory where KeyNote is installed.
\par 
\par You can also view the latest version of the Release History file on the Web:
\par \uldb \f2\cf1 http://www.lodz.pdi.net/~eristic/free/keynote_history.html\plain\f2\ul\fs20\cf1 {\v *!EF("http://www.lodz.pdi.net/~eristic/free/keynote_history.html",`',1,`')}\plain\fs20 
\par 
\par 
\par \page
{\up +}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up +} BROWSE0001:0004}
{\up $}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up $} Quick Start}
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} Quick_Start}
\pard {\up K}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up K} basic information;hints and tips;quick start;tips}
\b\fs32\cf1 Quick Start\fs20 
\par \plain\fs20\cf2 
\par \plain\b\fs20 Click the "File" menu, then click the "New File" command to create a new file. \plain\fs20 A new KeyNote file will be created, with a single, default note. This is the file where you will be keeping your notes. Each file can contain one or more notes. By default, the file is saved automatically, so you don't have to remember about clicking the "Save" button - although you can if you want to.
\par 
\par \b To add more notes to the file:\plain\fs20  click the "Note" menu, then click the "New Note" command. A dialog box will be displayed, where you can: 
\par \pard \b \tab (a)\plain\fs20  enter the name for the new note
\par \b \tab (b)\plain\fs20  select the icon for the new note
\par \b \tab (c)\plain\fs20  chose the kind of note you want: \b simple editor \plain\fs20 or\b  a tree-type note\plain\fs20 .
\par 
\par TIP: Right-click the editor area to display a context menu with frequently used commands.
\par 
\par \b TIP:\plain\fs20  KeyNote is distributed with a file \b "sample.knt"\plain\fs20 , which contains additional information, tips and examples of KeyNote's capabilities. If you have upgraded KeyNote to a newer version, I recommend that you have a look at this file. If this is the first time you have installed KeyNote, the sample file will be opened for you automatically.
\par \pard 
\par \b What are tree-type notes?\plain\fs20 
\par A tree-type note has a tree panel on the left-hand side, and the normal editor on the right-hand side. The tree panel looks and behaves similarly to the tree in Windows Explorer, except that in KeyNote, each branch of the tree (also called "node") can hold a separate node. When a new tree-type note is created, the tree has only one node. You can add as many nodes to the tree as you want, and you can arrange them in a convenient hierarchy. To create a new node, click the tree panel and press Enter. You can move nodes within the tree by dragging and dropping tem.
\par \pard 
\par \b TIP:\plain\fs20  Right-click the tree panel to display a context menu with frequently used commands.
\par 
\par \uldb \cf4 Click here to read more about KeyNote editor.\plain\fs20\cf4 {\v KeyNote_editor}\plain\fs20 
\par \uldb \cf4 Click here to read more about the tree-type notes.\plain\fs20\cf4 {\v TreeType_notes}\plain\fs20 
\par 
\par \pard\li195\fi-195 \f3\fs18\cf2 \'b7\tab \f1\fs20 You can resize the program window if it is too small or too big by dragging an edge of the window with the mouse.
\par \f3\fs18\cf5 \'b7\tab \f1\fs20 You can use the Formatting toolbar above to change the appearance of the text. You can change the \f2 font \f4 face\f1 , \fs24 size\fs20 , \cf3 color\cf6  \cf5 and style attributes such as \b bold\plain\fs20\cf5 , \i italic\plain\fs20\cf5 , \ul underline\plain\fs20\cf5 , or \strike strikethrough\plain\fs20\cf5 . You can even highlight the text by pressing \b\cf7 Ctrl+H.\plain\fs20\cf2 
\par \f3\fs18 \'b7\tab \f1\fs20 The Format menu contains additional formatting functions. You can set the alignment of the text (left, right or centered), change the spacing between lines, or change the colors of background and text.
\par \pard\li195\fi-195 \f3\fs18 \'b7\tab \f1\fs20 The program supports all standard Windows text editing commands. Press \b\cf7 Ctrl+C\plain\fs20\cf2  to copy text to clipboard, \b\cf7 Ctrl+X\plain\fs20\cf2  to cut text, \b\cf7 Ctrl+V\plain\fs20\cf2  to paste text rom clipboard, \b\cf7 Ctrl+A\plain\fs20\cf2  to select all text in a note.
\par \f3\fs18 \'b7\tab \f1\fs20 Press \b\cf7 Ctrl+N\plain\fs20\cf2  to create a new note in current file.
\par \f3\fs18 \'b7\tab \f1\fs20 Press \b\cf7 F2\plain\fs20\cf2  to rename the current note or choose a different icon for the note.
\par \f3\fs18 \'b7\tab \f1\fs20 Press \b\cf7 F4\plain\fs20\cf2  to \uldb \cf4 customize the look\plain\fs20\cf4 {\v Note_properties_and_defaults}\cf2  of the current note.
\par \f3\fs18 \'b7\tab \f1\fs20 Press \b\cf7 Ctrl+O\plain\fs20\cf7  \cf2 to open a Note file that already exists on your disk.
\par \pard\li195\fi-195 \f3\fs18 \'b7\tab \f1\fs20 Press \b\cf7 Ctrl+Shift+P\plain\fs20\cf7  \cf2 to print the note that is currently displayed.
\par \f3\fs18 \'b7\tab \f1\fs20 Press \b\cf7 Ctrl+Shift+E\plain\fs20\cf7  \cf2 to \uldb \cf4 send the current note to someone via email.\plain\fs20\cf4 {\v Sending_KeyNote_files_by_Email}\cf2 
\par \f3\fs18 \'b7\tab \f1\fs20 By default, you can minimize the program just by pressing the \b\cf7 ESC\plain\fs20\cf2  key. This is much faster than finding the tiny Minimize button with the mouse. However, if you find that you often minimize the program accidentally, you can turn this feature off in Options (press \b\cf7 F5\plain\fs20\cf2 , click the "Miscellaneous" tab, and choose the desired action for ESC key in the "Escape key" field.
\par \pard\li195\fi-195 \f3\fs18 \'b7\tab \f1\fs20 After you minimize the program, see how it responds to the \uldb \cf4 hotkey\plain\fs20\cf4 {\v Options_General_settings}\cf2 . Click the Minimize button, and then press the default hotkey combination: \b\cf7 Shift+Ctrl+F12\plain\fs20\cf2 . This should cause the program to pop up to front, so you don't have to always use the mouse!
\par \f3\fs18 \'b7\tab \f1\fs20 Press \b\cf7 F4\plain\fs20\cf2  to change the properties of the note you are reading, such as its name, the icon that is displayed on the tab, default font and color and other options. Press \b\cf7 F6\plain\fs20\cf2  to use the same dialog box to change default properties for all new notes you create.
\par \pard\li195\fi-195 \f3\fs18 \'b7\tab \f1\fs20 If you just want to rename the note, press \b\cf7 F2\plain\fs20\cf2  or double-click the tab where the name of the note is shown.
\par \f3\fs18 \'b7\tab \f1\fs20 Press \b\cf7 Ctrl+F\plain\fs20\cf2  to search for text in this note, or in all notes in the current file. Press \b\cf7 F3\plain\fs20\cf2  to repeat the last search.
\par \f3\fs18 \'b7\tab \f1\fs20 Press \b\cf7 F5\plain\fs20\cf2  to open the \uldb \cf4 Options dialog box\plain\fs20\cf4 {\v Configuration_options}\cf2 . There are many configuration settings you can change. For instance, you can specify whether your Notes file should be saved automatically; what file should be opened when you start the program; the hotkey used to bring the program window to front when it is minimized; whether the program should place its icon in the system tray... and many others!
\par \pard \plain\fs20 
\par 
\par \page
{\up +}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up +} BROWSE0001:0005}
{\up $}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up $} Features}
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} Features}
\pard {\up K}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up K} features;general information}
\b\fs32\cf1 Features
\par \plain\fs20\cf2 
\par \pard\li715\fi-355 \plain\f3\b\fs18 \'b7\tab \f1\fs24 RichText enabled editor\plain\fs24 , with many text \uldb \cf4 formatting functions\plain\fs24\cf4 {\v KeyNote_editor}\plain\fs24  
\par \f3\b\fs18 \'b7\tab \f1\fs24 Store many separate notes within one file;\plain\fs24  each note is displayed on its own, easily accessible tab. This is a much more convenient solution than opening several files on disk. Each note has independent font, color and editor settings. 
\par \f3\fs18 \'b7\tab \f1\fs24 Choose between two types of notes: a simpler, editor-only note, or a \b tree-type note, which is a multi-level hierarchy of "branches"\plain\fs24 , each with its own independent note. The two types of notes can be mixed freely within one file. \uldb \cf4 Click here for more information on tree-type notes\plain\fs24\cf4 {\v TreeType_notes}\plain\fs24 .
\par \pard\li715\fi-355 \f3\fs18 \'b7\tab \f1\fs24 Tree type notes can be arranged \b horizontally\plain\fs24  (tree panel to the left of editor) or \b vertically\plain\fs24  (tree panel above the editor) 
\par \f3\fs18 \'b7\tab \f1\fs24 Ability to create \b user-defined styles\plain\fs24  for text and paragraph properties (\uldb \cf4 More\plain\fs24\cf4 {\v Styles}\plain\fs24 )
\par \f3\fs18 \'b7\tab \f1\fs24 Convenient \b keyboard shortcuts\plain\fs24  for all editing and file management commands 
\par \f3\fs18 \'b7\tab \f1\fs24 Option to minimize to \b system tray\plain\fs24  
\par \f3\fs18 \'b7\tab \f1\fs24 Configurable \b activation hotkey\plain\fs24  to bring the program window to front after it was minimized to the system tray 
\par \f3\fs18 \'b7\tab \f1\fs24 You can \b protect your data files with secure encryption\plain\fs24  using a strong cipher: Blowfish or IDEA (\uldb \cf4 More\plain\fs24\cf4 {\v Encrypting_KeyNote_files}\plain\fs24 )
\par \pard\li715\fi-355 \f3\b\fs18 \'b7\tab \f1\fs24 Integration with WordWeb\plain\fs24 , a freeware dictionary/thesaurus program (see \ul\cf1 http://wordweb.co.uk/free\plain\fs24 )  (\uldb \cf4 More\plain\fs24\cf4 {\v Integration_with_WordWeb}\plain\fs24 )
\par \f3\fs18 \'b7\tab \f1\fs24 Many uses can \b share KeyNote on one computer\plain\fs24 , with the ability to have independent personalized settings for each user (\uldb \cf4 More\plain\fs24\cf4 {\v Sharing_KeyNote_on_a_multiuser_system}\plain\fs24 )
\par \f3\b\fs18 \'b7\tab \f1\fs24 Clickable URLs\plain\fs24  in the editor; users can configure what happens when an URL is clicked 
\par \f3\fs18 \'b7\tab \f1\fs24 Simple \b file manager\plain\fs24  to quickly open often-used files  (\uldb \cf4 More\plain\fs24\cf4 {\v File_manager}\plain\fs24 )
\par \f3\b\fs18 \'b7\tab \f1\fs24 Export and import\plain\fs24  files (as plain text or RTF) 
\par \pard\li715\fi-355 \f3\fs18 \'b7\tab \f1\fs24 Ability to \b merge\plain\fs24  two KeyNote files 
\par \f3\fs18 \'b7\tab \f1\fs24 Extremely configurable interface 
\par \f3\fs18 \'b7\tab \f1\fs24 Ability to create \b "virtual nodes"\plain\fs24  in the tree (nodes which are dynamically linked to external text or RTF files) 
\par \f3\fs18 \'b7\tab \f1\fs24 Ability to \b print\plain\fs24  notes 
\par \f3\fs18 \'b7\tab \f1\fs24 Ability to \b send notes via E-mail\plain\fs24 , incl. a simple address book and signature handling  (\uldb \cf4 More\plain\fs24\cf4 {\v Sending_KeyNote_files_by_Email}\plain\fs24 )
\par \f3\fs18 \'b7\tab \f1\fs24 Ability to \b change icons\plain\fs24  that are assigned to notes (user-defined icons can be extracted from .ICO, .BMP, .EXE and .DLL files) 
\par \pard\li715\fi-355 \f3\b\fs18 \'b7\tab \f1\fs24 "Clipboard capture"\plain\fs24  feature, enabling you to automatically capture and store any text that was copied to Clipboard in another Windows application  (\uldb \cf4 More\plain\fs24\cf4 {\v Clipboard_capture}\plain\fs24 )
\par \f3\b\fs18 \'b7\tab \f1\fs24 Expression evaluation\plain\fs24   (\uldb \cf4 More\plain\fs24\cf4 {\v Expression_evaluation}\plain\fs24 )
\par \f3\b\fs18 \'b7\tab \f1\fs24 Text highlighting\plain\fs24  
\par \f3\b\fs18 \'b7\tab \f1\fs24 Glossary\plain\fs24  function to automatically replace a piece of text with another ("Expand text") 
\par \f3\fs18 \'b7\tab \f1\fs24 Function to \b insert special characters\plain\fs24  
\par \f3\fs18 \'b7\tab \f1\fs24 A \b "match bracket"\plain\fs24  function 
\par \f3\b\fs18 \'b7\tab \f1\fs24 ROT-13\plain\fs24 , reverse text, repeat last edit command, join and sort lines... 
\par \pard\li715\fi-355 \f3\fs18 \'b7\tab \f1\fs24 Support for \b drag-and-drop file operations\plain\fs24  (including the ability to drag files from Windows Explorer) 
\par \f3\b\fs18 \'b7\tab \f1\fs24 Find\plain\fs24  and \b Replace\plain\fs24  commands, with a single note or global scope 
\par \f3\fs18 \'b7\tab \f1\fs24 Clickable \b hyperlinks\plain\fs24  to Internet addresses, local files and location in KeyNote notes  (\uldb \cf4 More\plain\fs24\cf4 {\v Hyperlinks}\plain\fs24 )
\par \f3\fs18 \'b7\tab \f1\fs24 Dockable toolbars 
\par \f3\fs18 \'b7\tab \f1\fs24 Text statistics 
\par \f3\fs18 \'b7\tab \f1\fs24 Simple \b bookmarks\plain\fs24  
\par \f3\b\fs18 \'b7\tab \f1\fs24 Plugin support\plain\fs24 , for extending the functionality of the program  (\uldb \cf4 More\plain\fs24\cf4 {\v Plugins}\plain\fs24 )
\par \pard\li715\fi-355 \f3\b\fs18 \'b7\tab \f1\fs24 Macro support\plain\fs24 , including macros automatically executed on creating a new file or adding a note  (\uldb \cf4 More\plain\fs24\cf4 {\v Macros}\plain\fs24 )
\par \f3\fs18 \'b7\tab \f1\fs24 Configurable ability to minimize program or automatically close current file \b after a predefined period of inactivity\plain\fs24  
\par \f3\fs18 \'b7\tab \f1\fs24 Ability to specify \b default properties for all newly created notes\plain\fs24 , or selectively for notes added to a particular file  (\uldb \cf4 More\plain\fs24\cf4 {\v Note_properties_and_defaults}\plain\fs24 )
\par \f3\fs18 \'b7\tab \f1\fs24 Import and export files in the format used by \b other freeware notebook-type programs\plain\fs24 : \ul\cf1 DartNotes\plain\fs24  and \ul\cf1 TreePad\plain\fs24  
\par \pard\li715\fi-355 \f3\b\fs18 \'b7\tab \f1\fs24 Unlimited number of notes\plain\fs24  that can be stored in a single file or a single tree-type note. 
\par \f3\fs18 \'b7\tab \f1\fs24 Automatic installer and uninstaller 
\par \page
{\up +}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up +} BROWSE0001:0006}
{\up $}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up $} Acknowledgments}
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} Acknowledgments}
\pard {\up K}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up K} acknowledgments;software used to create KeyNote;thanks}
\b\fs32\cf1 Acknowledgments
\par \plain\fs20\cf2 
\par \plain\fs20 KeyNote uses several freeware libraries and components, without which writing the program would have been immensely more difficult. The authors of those libraries provide fantastic free code to the Delphi community. Thank you all!
\par 
\par \b In particular, I'd like to thank the following:\plain\fs20 
\par 
\par \pard\li195\fi-195 \f3\fs18 \'b7\tab \f1\fs20 Brad Stowers, maintainer of Delphi Free Stuff web site (http://www.delphifreestuff.com) for several wonderfully useful components he wrote and is giving away for free:
\par \pard \tab \tab TdfsBrowseDirectoryDlg
\par \tab \tab TdfsMRUFileList
\par \tab \tab TdfsStatusBar
\par 
\par \pard\li195\fi-195 \f3\fs18 \'b7\tab \f1\fs20 The authors of the RX Library (http://www.rxlib.com/);
\par \f3\fs18 \'b7\tab \f1\fs20 Ryan J. Mills, for his TPage95Control, a vast improvement over the standard Delhi 3 page control;
\par \f3\fs18 \'b7\tab \f1\fs20 Wim Coetzee, for the cool TGFXListBox with checkboxes and icons;
\par \f3\fs18 \'b7\tab \f1\fs20 Jordan Russell, for his absolutely amazing Toolbar97 control (the MS-Office-like toolbar): http://www.jordanr.dhs.org/
\par \f3\fs18 \'b7\tab \f1\fs20 Mike Lischke (http://www.lischke-online.de/) for the advanced TreeNT component, which adds lots of features and fixes that Borland and Microsoft just happened to omit...
\par \pard\li195\fi-195 \f3\fs18 \'b7\tab \f1\fs20 David Barton for his Delphi cryptographic components package, DCPCrypt (http://www.devarchive.com/DCPcrypt.html)
\par \f3\fs18 \'b7\tab \f1\fs20 The BitSoft team for the TMathParser component (http://www.bitsoft.com)
\par \f3\fs18 \'b7\tab \f1\fs20 Antony Lewis for the TFreeWordWeb, the WordWeb integration component
\par \f3\fs18 \'b7\tab \f1\fs20 Francois Piette, for his Internet Component Suite (http://users.swing.be/francois.piette/indexuk.htm)
\par \f3\fs18 \'b7\tab \f1\fs20 Gerrit Wolsink for the TRichPrinter component
\par \f3\fs18 \'b7\tab \f1\fs20 Enzo Costantini, for the supercool MS Office 2000-like Color Picker button.
\par \pard 
\par \b And, most of all, thanks to Andre v.d. Merwe for his original Dart Notes program, and for inspiration.\plain\fs20 
\par 
\par \page
{\up +}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up +} BROWSE0001:0007}
{\up $}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up $} KeyNote on the Web}
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} KeyNote_on_the_web}
\pard {\up K}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up K} contacting the author;downloading KeyNote;homepage;Internet;URLs;web;www}
\b\fs32\cf1 KeyNote on the Web
\par \plain\fs20\cf2 
\par \plain\b\fs20 General Frenetics freeware - Homepage: \plain\fs20 
\par \uldb \f2\cf1 http://www.lodz.pdi.net/~eristic/free/index.html\plain\f2\ul\fs20\cf1 {\v *!EF("http://www.lodz.pdi.net/~eristic/free/index.html",`',1,`')}\plain\fs20 
\par or \uldb \f2\cf1 http://come.to/generalfrenetics\plain\f2\ul\fs20\cf1 {\v *!EF("http://come.to/generalfrenetics",`',1,`')}\plain\fs20 
\par 
\par Please see the above URL for links to download sites, up-to-date list of new features and known bugs. There's also a FAQ page which answers some of the frequently asked questions, as well as a list of planned additions to the program.
\par 
\par A special, separate project has been established for the purpose of open-source development of KeyNote. If you'd like to join the team, point your browser to \uldb \f2\cf1 http://keynote.sourceforge.net\plain\f2\ul\fs20\cf1 {\v *!EF("http://keynote.sourceforge.net",`',1,`')}\plain\fs20\cf2  .\plain\fs20 
\par \pard 
\par Erisian Warez: wicked Discordian tools:
\par \uldb \f2\cf1 http://come.to/fnord\plain\f2\ul\fs20\cf1 {\v *!EF("http://come.to/fnord",`',1,`')}\plain\fs20 
\par 
\par Email to author:
\par \uldb \f2\cf1 eristic@lodz.pdi.net\plain\f2\ul\fs20\cf1 {\v *!EF("eristic@lodz.pdi.net",`',1,`')}\plain\fs20 
\par or
\par \uldb \f2\cf1 cicho@polbox.com\plain\f2\ul\fs20\cf1 {\v *!EF("cicho@polbox.com",`',1,`')}\plain\fs20 
\par 
\par Before emailing, please make sure you've read the FAQ on the website:
\par \uldb \f2\cf1 http://www.lodz.pdi.net/~eristic/free/phonedeck_faq.html\plain\f2\ul\fs20\cf1 {\v *!EF("http://www.lodz.pdi.net/~eristic/free/phonedeck_faq.html",`',1,`')}\plain\fs20 
\par \pard 
\par When you send me email, please always specify which \b version of the program you are using (as detailed 
\par as possible, e.g. KeyNote 1.01 A) as well as the operating system\plain\fs20  you are running it on. The OS
\par version is very important, because certain features do behave differently on Windows NT or WIndows 2000.
\par 
\par \b\cf3 Positively NO HTML-formatted email, please! HTML-encoded email 
\par will not be answered and may be bounced back to sender.\plain\fs20 
\par 
\par \b For an up-to-date information, please see the file "contact.html" distributed with the program. 
\par \pard \plain\fs20 The file is located in the "\'5cdoc" subdirectory.
\par 
\par \i Note: Since my ISP's connectivity is rather slow, I am always looking for mirror sites. If you have a web or FTP server with 10 MB to spare, I would greatly appreciate your help. \b Thank you!\plain\fs20 
\par 
\par \page
{\up +}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up +} BROWSE0001:0008}
{\up $}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up $} Hints and Tips}
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} Hints_and_tips}
\pard {\up K}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up K} features;hints and tips;tips}
\b\fs32\cf1 Hints and Tips
\par \plain\fs20\cf2 
\par \pard\li195\fi-195 \f3\fs18 \'b7\tab \f1\fs20 The "Recent files" command ("File" menu) contains names of several Note files that you opened or saved recently. Just click the menu item to open the file you want. 
\par \f3\fs18 \'b7\tab \f1\fs20 The list of recently used files is also available as a drop-down menu right next to the "Open" button on the toolbar.
\par \f3\fs18 \'b7\tab \f1\fs20 If users are sharing KeyNote on one computer, each user can have personal settings by specifying an alternate INI file name in the shortcut used to start KeyNote. Example: "c:\'5cprograms\'5ckeynote.exe c:\'5cusers\'5cjim\'5ckeynote.ini"
\par \pard\li195\fi-195 \f3\fs18 \'b7\tab \f1\fs20 Sometimes you may want to prevent others (or yourself!) from accidentally changing information in a note. You can give a specific note the "Read-only" attribute by choosing "Read Only" from the Tab menu, or pressing Shift+Ctrl+R.
\par \f3\fs18 \'b7\tab \f1\fs20 You can change the order of notes (tabs) in the file. Just click a tab with the mouse and drag it left or right. Alternatively, you can select the "Shift Tab" option in the Tab menu, and then click "Shift left" or "Shift right."
\par \pard\li195\fi-195 \f3\fs18 \'b7\tab \f1\fs20 You can also prevent all changes to a Notes file by clicking the "Open as Read-only" checkbox when opening the file.
\par \f3\fs18 \'b7\tab \f1\fs20 Some toolbar buttons and menu commands behave differently when Shift or Ctrl keys are held down. This is described in detail in the file "keyboard.txt".
\par \f3\fs18 \'b7\tab \f1\fs20 KeyNote supports macros and plugins. To learn how to use and how to create them, see files "macros.txt" and "plugins.txt" located in the "\'5cdoc" subdirectory.
\par \f3\fs18 \'b7\tab \f1\fs20 To create or use macros, you need to turn on the Macro toolbar. From the "View" menu, select "Toolbars", and then click the "Show Macro Toolbar" command.
\par \pard\li195\fi-195 \f3\fs18 \'b7\tab \f1\fs20 To view and use installed plugins, select the "Plugins" command from the "Tools" menu, or press Ctrl+F12.
\par \f3\fs18 \'b7\tab \f1\fs20 Certain macros can run automatically whenever a new file or a new note is created. See "Auto-run macros" in file "macros.txt" for details.
\par \f3\fs18 \'b7\tab \f1\fs20 To access the Style drop-down list without the mouse, hold down Ctrl key and press the * key on the numeric keypad. Then select a style, and press Enter to apply it.
\par \f3\fs18 \'b7\tab \f1\fs20 To access the Macro drop-down list without the mouse, hold down Ctrl key and press the / key on the numeric keypad. Then select a macro, and press Enter to run it.
\par \pard\li195\fi-195 \f3\fs18 \'b7\tab \f1\fs20 Many dialog boxes in KeyNote are resizeable, and will remember their previous size and position when displayed.
\par \f3\fs18 \'b7\tab \f1\fs20 KeyNote has a "Replace" command. It is located under the "Search" Menu (or press Ctrl+F3).
\par \f3\fs18 \'b7\tab \f1\fs20 In File Properties dialog box, you can specify a custom system tray icon for the current file. This is useful if you run several instances of KeyNote at the same time.
\par \f3\fs18 \'b7\tab \f1\fs20 You can specify that the file should only use built-in tab icon images. This is useful when giving the file to someone who may be using a different, customized set of tab images.
\par \pard\li195\fi-195 \f3\fs18 \'b7\tab \f1\fs20 You can insert hyperlinks to jump to another place in your KeyNote file (a note or a tree node). See file "LINKING.TXT" for details.
\par \f3\fs18 \'b7\tab \f1\fs20 You can insert .BMP and .GIF images into the note text: select "Picture" from the "Insert" menu.
\par \f3\fs18 \'b7\tab \f1\fs20 You can create URL-style links to files on local disk: select "Link to file" from the "Insert" menu. Clicking the link will open the document or program.
\par \f3\fs18 \'b7\tab \f1\fs20 To specify all paragraph properties at one time, press Ctrl+P to open the Paragraph dialog box.
\par \pard\li195\fi-195 \f3\fs18 \'b7\tab \f1\fs20 In a tree-type note, you can hide the tree panel. Press Shift+F1 to hide the tree, or to show it if it is hidden.
\par \f3\fs18 \'b7\tab \f1\fs20 To quickly insert often used chunks of text, use the Glossary feature. Add shortcuts and their full forms to glossary; then press F7 to expand a shortcut.
\par \f3\fs18 \'b7\tab \f1\fs20 Most editing and formatting commands can be repeated by pressing Ctrl+/. The name of the command to be repeated is shown in the context menu of the editor.
\par \f3\fs18 \'b7\tab \f1\fs20 KeyNote features simple bookmarks. Press Shift+Alt+digit to set a bookmark, then press Alt+digit to jump to it. (Digits are 0 through 9, naturally.)
\par \pard\li195\fi-195 \f3\fs18 \'b7\tab \f1\fs20 You can insert special characters into the note by pressing Shift+Ctrl+C.
\par \f3\fs18 \'b7\tab \f1\fs20 To quickly find a matching bracket, press Ctrl+M.
\par \f3\fs18 \'b7\tab \f1\fs20 You can export a single tree node. Right-click the node and select the "Export" command.
\par \f3\fs18 \'b7\tab \f1\fs20 KeyNote can play a sound while capturing text from clipboard. You can replace the default sound (clip.wav) with a .wav file of your choice.
\par \f3\fs18 \'b7\tab \f1\fs20 You can move or copy subtrees between tree notes and between files. See file "tree.txt" for details.
\par \pard\li195\fi-195 \f3\fs18 \'b7\tab \f1\fs20 You can copy a subtree from one note to another by clicking it and dropping on another tab.
\par \f3\fs18 \'b7\tab \f1\fs20 Tree notes can have a vertical layout (tree above the editor). This is configurable through Note Properties (F4).
\par \f3\fs18 \'b7\tab \f1\fs20 You can highlight text in a note. Press Ctrl+H, or hold down Shift and click the Color button on the toolbar.
\par \f3\fs18 \'b7\tab \f1\fs20 You can drag files from Windows Explorer onto KeyNote's window to open or import them.
\par \f3\fs18 \'b7\tab \f1\fs20 Several new font and paragraph properties have been added. See the new functions under the "Format" menu.
\par \pard\li195\fi-195 \f3\fs18 \'b7\tab \f1\fs20 Try out the new Style feature! Please see file "styles.txt" for details on how to use styles.
\par \f3\fs18 \'b7\tab \f1\fs20 The new "Virtual nodes" feature allows you to link an external text or RTF file to a node in a tree. Create a new node, then right-click it and select the "Virtual node" command.
\par \f3\fs18 \'b7\tab \f1\fs20 To create a virtual node, you can also drag a text or RTF file from Windows Explorer onto the tree.
\par \f3\fs18 \'b7\tab \f1\fs20 To quickly rename a note, press F2 or double-click the tab where the note name is displayed.
\par \pard\li195\fi-195 \f3\fs18 \'b7\tab \f1\fs20 You can choose what happens when you click an URL in a note. See Options (F5), "Misc" tab.
\par \f3\fs18 \'b7\tab \f1\fs20 KeyNote can automatically minimize or close your file after a predefined period of inactivity. See Options (F5), "Actions" tab.
\par \f3\fs18 \'b7\tab \f1\fs20 Toolbars can also be docked at the bottom of the note window.
\par \f3\fs18 \'b7\tab \f1\fs20 This is BETA software. Handle with care. Please report bugs to the author. (See Help->About)
\par \f3\fs18 \'b7\tab \f1\fs20 Your KeyNote file can be securely encrypted. See file "Encrypt.txt" for details.
\par \pard\li195\fi-195 \f3\fs18 \'b7\tab \f1\fs20 You can create two types notes: simple or tree-type notes. Press Ctrl+N, and choose the type in the "Kind" drop-down box.
\par \f3\fs18 \'b7\tab \f1\fs20 You can quickly change the background color of ALL NODES in a tree: hold down the Shift key and click the "Background color" button on the toolbar.
\par \f3\fs18 \'b7\tab \f1\fs20 KeyNote can evaluate mathematical expressions. Type an expression (e.g. "2 + 2"), select it, then press Ctrl+=. The result will be copied to clipboard.
\par \f3\fs18 \'b7\tab \f1\fs20 You can set default note properties for the current file (rather than all files): In the "Note Defaults" dialog box, click the "Special" button and click "Save as default for...".
\par \pard\li195\fi-195 \f3\fs18 \'b7\tab \f1\fs20 KeyNote has a simple file manager which allows you to quickly open a file you have used previously. Press F12 to open the file manager window.
\par \f3\fs18 \'b7\tab \f1\fs20 KeyNote is integrated with a dictionary/thesaurus program called WordWeb. Press Ctrl+F11 to look up current word in the thesaurus. See file "wordweb.txt" for details.
\par \f3\fs18 \'b7\tab \f1\fs20 You can import notes from another KeyNote file to the file which is currently open. Select Tools->Merge with File.
\par \f3\fs18 \'b7\tab \f1\fs20 If users are sharing KeyNote on one computer, each user can have personal settings by specifying an alternate INI file name in the shortcut used to start KeyNote.
\par \pard\li195\fi-195 \f3\fs18 \'b7\tab \f1\fs20 Keynote can automatically capture text copied to Clipboard in any Windows application: choose "Clipboard capture" from the "Note" menu.
\par \f3\fs18 \'b7\tab \f1\fs20 The splash screen can be turned off. See Options (F5), "Chrome" tab.
\par \f3\fs18 \'b7\tab \f1\fs20 The program is highly configurable. Press F5 to open the Options dialog box and customize the settings.
\par \f3\fs18 \'b7\tab \f1\fs20 To create a new note, press Ctrl+N. To create a new KeyNote file, press Shift+Ctrl+N.
\par \f3\fs18 \'b7\tab \f1\fs20 To edit the properties of the selected note, press F4. To quickly rename a note, press F2.
\par \pard\li195\fi-195 \f3\fs18 \'b7\tab \f1\fs20 Click the right mouse button over different areas of the main window to display additional menu commands.
\par \f3\fs18 \'b7\tab \f1\fs20 If you have used a similar note program called DaRT Notes before, KeyNote can open and save files created by that program. See file "DART.TXT' for details.
\par \f3\fs18 \'b7\tab \f1\fs20 Please check the program's website for FAQ, a list of known issues, and upgrade information. See Help->About.
\par \f3\fs18 \'b7\tab \f1\fs20 When the program is minimized or hidden behind other windows, it can be brought to the front by pressing Shift+Ctrl+F12. (You can customize the hotkey.)
\par \pard\li195\fi-195 \f3\fs18 \'b7\tab \f1\fs20 Some RTF-related features may not work well on Windows NT or Windows 2000 systems that have version 3 of riched32.dll library installed.
\par \f3\fs18 \'b7\tab \f1\fs20 Keynote is and will remain free. If you enjoy using it, please consider making a small donation to an animal shelter in your area. Thank you!
\par \f3\fs18 \'b7\tab \f1\fs20 You can export notes from KeyNote and import plain text or RTF files into KeyNote. See Tools->Import and Tools->Export menu items.
\par \f3\fs18 \'b7\tab \f1\fs20 You can specify default attributes that will be assigned to each new note you create (such as font style, colors, icon, and others). See Tools->Defaults.
\par \pard\li195\fi-195 \f3\fs18 \'b7\tab \f1\fs20 Most editing functions have keyboard shortcuts assigned to them. You can look them up in the main menu.
\par \f3\fs18 \'b7\tab \f1\fs20 The file SAMPLE.KNT distributed with the program contains many additional hints and tips.
\par \f3\fs18 \'b7\tab \f1\fs20 You can move the toolbars by clicking and dragging them to a new location. Toolbars will remember the new position. 
\par \f3\fs18 \'b7\tab \f1\fs20 If the note tabs take too much space and don't all fit on one line, you can shrink them by turning off their icons. See Options (F5), "Chrome" tab.
\par \pard\li195\fi-195 \f3\fs18 \'b7\tab \f1\fs20 This program will always be distributed as Freeware. If you paid for it, you were cheated.
\par \f3\fs18 \'b7\tab \f1\fs20 It is the author's very strong opinion that advertising sponsored programs are NOT free. This program will never use such a scheme.
\par \f3\fs18 \'b7\tab \f1\fs20 You can send E-mail directly from Keynote: choose "Email note" from the "Note" menu.
\par \f3\fs18 \'b7\tab \f1\fs20 You can change the default icons displayed next to note names: See Options -> Icons tab.
\par \f3\fs18 \'b7\tab \f1\fs20 You can switch between notes by using your own hotkeys! Put the "&" character in front of a letter in a note name; then press ALT+letter to switch to that note.
\par \pard\li195\fi-195 \f3\fs18 \'b7\tab \f1\fs20 If the file attached to a virtual node has been modified by another application, right-click the node and select "Refresh" to update the contents of the node.
\par \pard 
\par \page
{\up +}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up +} BROWSE0001:0009}
{\up $}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up $} Other Freeware from General Frenetics, Discorp.}
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} OtherFreewarefrGZ}
\pard {\up K}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up K} downloading: software;freeware;other freeware applications}
\b\fs32\cf1 Other Freeware from General Frenetics, Discorp.
\par \plain\fs20\cf2 
\par 
\par \plain\b\fs20 No ads, no nags! All applications from General Frenetics, Discorp. are 100% freeware. \plain\fs20 
\par Some applications are distributed with full Delphi source code.
\par 
\par See \uldb \f2\cf1 http://www.lodz.pdi.net/~eristic/free/index.html\plain\f2\ul\fs20\cf1 {\v *!EF("http://www.lodz.pdi.net/~eristic/free/index.html",`',1,`')}\plain\fs20 
\par 
\par \b PhoneDeck\plain\fs20 
\par Flexible, configurable phone- and addressbook with phone dialer. Possibly the best-looking freeware addressbook for Windows.
\par 
\par 
\par \b Oubliette\plain\fs20 
\par Password manager with strong encryption. Includes source code.
\par \pard 
\par 
\par \b KookieJar\plain\fs20 
\par Easily the best signature generator and randomizer for Windows!
\par 
\par 
\par \b InjectURL\plain\fs20 
\par Insert URL link into documents saved from the browser
\par 
\par 
\par \b VisitURL\plain\fs20 
\par Flexible, lightweight bookmark manager
\par 
\par 
\par \b GUIDClean\plain\fs20 
\par Strip the privacy-breaching Global Unique ID strings in MS Office documents (includes source code)
\par 
\par 
\par \b CipherSaber 95\plain\fs20 
\par Roll-your-own secure encryption tool (uses RC4; source code only)
\par 
\par 
\par \b\ul ...And more!\plain\fs20 
\par 
\par \i These applications work with MS Windows 95/98/NT 4.0\plain\fs20 
\par \pard 
\par 
\par \page
{\up +}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up +} BROWSE0001:000a}
{\up $}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up $} Keyboard Reference}
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} Keyboard_Reference}
\pard {\up K}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up K} hotkeys;keyboard reference;shortcuts}
\b\fs32\cf1 Keyboard Reference
\par \plain\fs20\cf2 
\par \plain\fs20 This topic contains a list of keyboard shortcuts used in KeyNote. Most shortcuts are visible and can easily be discovered by inspecting the menu items; a few other key combinations are not visible in the program interface. All these shortcuts are listed here.
\par 
\par Some menu commands or toolbar buttons behave differently if the SHIFT or CTRL key is held down while the command or button is clicked. See bottom of this file for a list of these special cases.
\par 
\par \f5 -----------------------------------------------------------
\par \pard \b 1. GENERAL SHORTCUTS\plain\f5\fs20 
\par -----------------------------------------------------------
\par 
\par \b a) File-related commands:\plain\f5\fs20 
\par 
\par Shift+Ctrl+N    Create a new KeyNote file
\par Ctrl+O          Open an existing KeyNote file
\par Ctrl+S          Save current KeyNote file
\par Ctrl+Q          Close currently open KeyNote file
\par F12             Open the File Manager window
\par 
\par Alt+Enter       Edit properties of currently open KeyNote file (Note: this command allows you to change the format of the file as well as specify whether the file should be encrypted)
\par 
\par 
\par \b b) Note-related shortcuts:\plain\f5\fs20 
\par \pard 
\par Ctrl+N          Create a new Note
\par F2              Rename current Note (or change icon)
\par F3              Repeat last Find command ("Find next")
\par F4              Edit all properties of current note
\par Ctrl+F          Find text in note ("Find" dialog box)
\par Ctrl+F3         Replace text in note ("Replace" dialog box)
\par Shift+Ctrl+F    Find tree node by name (tree-type notes only)
\par F11             Use current note for clipboard capture
\par                 (Does not work for Tree-type notes)
\par 
\par Shift+Ctrl+P    Print current Note
\par \pard Shift+Ctrl+E    Send current Note via email
\par Shift+Ctrl+R    Set current note as Read-Only
\par 
\par Tab             Switch focus from tree panel to editor
\par                 Also: grey *
\par Shift+Tab       Switch focus from editor to tree panel
\par Ctrl+\'5c          Toggle focus between editor and tree panel
\par 
\par Ctrl+Tab        Switch to the next note (tab)
\par                 Also: Ctrl+PageDown
\par Shift+Ctrl+Tab  Switch to the previous note (tab)
\par                 Also: Ctrl+PageUp
\par 
\par 
\par \b c) Other shortcuts:\plain\f5\fs20 
\par 
\par F5              Edit program configuration options
\par \pard F6              Edit default properties for new notes
\par F7              Expand term from Glossary definition
\par Shift+F7        Add new term to the Glossary
\par F8              Keep program window on top of all other application windows
\par F9              Show or hide Note icons on tabs (To turn icons on or off for current Note 
\par                 file only, press Alt+Enter to open the File Properties dialog box)
\par Ctrl+F11        Look up current word in the WordWeb thesaurus (if installed)
\par 
\par \pard ESCAPE          Depends on settings in Options dialog box, "Action" tab. (Minimize KeyNote, Exit KeyNote, do nothing). If the Find command is in progress, ESC key aborts the search. If the Replace command is in progress, ESC key aborts it. If the font name combo box or the font size box on the Format toolbar are focused, ESC key exits them and switches focus to the editor. If a macro is being recorded, stops recording the macro. If a macro is being replayed, stops replaying the macro.
\par \pard 
\par 
\par -----------------------------------------------------------
\par \b 2. EDITOR SHORTCUTS (editor panel must be focused)\plain\f5\fs20 
\par -----------------------------------------------------------
\par 
\par Ctrl+A          Select all text in the editor
\par Ctrl+B          Toggle BOLD font style
\par Ctrl+C          Copy selected text to clipboard
\par                 Also: Ctrl+Insert
\par Ctrl+D          Select background color
\par Ctrl+E          Toggle BULLETS for selected paragraph(s)
\par Ctrl+G          Go to specific line in the editor
\par Ctrl+H          Apply current highlight color to selected text
\par Ctrl+I          Toggle ITALIC font style
\par \pard Ctrl+J          Join selected lines (reformat lines into a single paragraph)
\par Ctrl+K          Toggle STRIKEOUT font style
\par Ctrl+L          Toggle DISABLED font style
\par Ctrl+M          Jump to matching bracket
\par Ctrl+P          Select paragraph properties for selected paragraph(s)
\par Ctrl+R          Select font color for selected text
\par Ctrl+T          Select font properties for selected text
\par Ctrl+U          Toggle UNDERLINE font style
\par Ctrl+V          Paste text or image from clipboard
\par                 Also: Shift+Insert
\par \pard Ctrl+W          Toggle the Word-Wrap option
\par Ctrl+X          Cut selected text to clipboard
\par                 Also: Shift+Delete
\par Ctrl+Y          Delete selected line
\par 
\par Ctrl+0          Clear font attributes for selected text
\par Ctrl+1          Select SINGLE line spacing for selected paragraph(s)
\par Ctrl+2          Select DOUBLE line spacing for selected paragraph(s)
\par Ctrl+5          Select ONE AND A HALF line spacing for selected paragraph(s)
\par 
\par Insert          Toggle INSERT / OVERWRITE mode for the editor
\par \pard 
\par Ctrl+=          Evaluate expression
\par Alt+Insert      Paste result of last evaluated expression
\par 
\par Ctrl+-          Toggle SUPERSCRIPT font style
\par Shift+Ctrl+-    Toggle SUBSCRIPT font style
\par 
\par Ctrl+[          Shrink (decrease) font size for selected text
\par Ctrl+]          Grow (increase) font size for selected text
\par 
\par Ctrl+,          Increase space before paragraph
\par Ctrl+.          Increase space after paragraph
\par Shift+Ctrl+,    Decrease space before paragraph
\par Shift+Ctrl+.    Decrease space after paragraph
\par 
\par Ctrl+Alt+Left   Left-align selected text
\par \pard Ctrl+Alt+Right  Right-align selected text
\par Ctrl+Alt+Up     Center selected text
\par 
\par Shift+Ctrl+C    Insert special character
\par Shift+Ctrl+D    Insert current date
\par Shift+Ctrl+H    Remove highlighting from selected text
\par Shift+Ctrl+I    Invert case of selected text (This -> tHIS)
\par Shift+Ctrl+L    Change selected text to lowercase
\par Shift+Ctrl+M    Change selected text to Mixed Case
\par Shift+Ctrl+S    Sort selected lines
\par Shift+Ctrl+T    Insert current time
\par Shift+Ctrl+U    Change selected text to UPPERCASE
\par 
\par Shift+Ctrl+0    Clear paragraph attributes
\par Shift+Ctrl+3    Apply Rot-13 to selected text
\par \pard Shift+Ctrl+4    Reverse selected text
\par 
\par Shift+Ctrl+Ins  Paste as text (paste without any formatting)
\par 
\par Alt+Backspace   Undo (Multiple Undo is supported. Changes cannot be undone
\par                 after the file has been saved)
\par Ctrl+Enter      Redo (i.e.: Undo the last "Undo" operation)
\par Ctrl+/          Repeat last command (the name of the command which will be repeated is displayed in the editor's context menu)
\par 
\par Shift+F4\tab     Apply selected style to text (Style toolbar MUST be visible)
\par 
\par Ctrl+F8         Copy current font attributes
\par \pard Shift+F8        Paste font attributes ("format paint")
\par Ctrl+F9         Copy current paragraph attributes
\par Shift+F9        Paste paragraph attributes ("format paint")
\par 
\par Ctrl+;          Increase first line indent
\par Shift+Ctrl+;    Decrease first line indent
\par 
\par Alt+;           Increase left indent
\par Shift+Alt+;     Decrease left indent
\par 
\par Ctrl+'          Increase RIGHT indent
\par Shift+Ctrl+'    Decrease RIGHT indent
\par 
\par Alt+W           Select current word in editor
\par 
\par Alt+Down        In a tree note, switch to next node
\par Alt+Left        In a tree note, move one node left
\par \pard Alt+Right       In a tree note, move one node right
\par Alt+Up          In a tree note, switch to previous node
\par 
\par Ctrl+Grey *\tab \tab Switch focus to the Style combo box. (Select a style, then press Enter to apply it or ESC to cancel.) The Style toolbar must be visible.
\par 
\par Ctrl+Grey /\tab \tab Switch focus to the Macro combo box. (Select a macro, then press Enter to run it or ESC to cancel.) The Macro toolbar must be visible.
\par 
\par 
\par -----------------------------------------------------------
\par \b 3. TREE SHORTCUTS (tree panel must be focused)
\par \plain\f5\fs20 -----------------------------------------------------------
\par 
\par \pard Enter           Add new node
\par Shift+Enter     Add new node as child of current node
\par Insert          Insert new node before current
\par Delete          Delete selected node and all its children
\par Shift+Delete    Delete all children of the selected node
\par Space           Rename selected node
\par                 Also: Shift+F2
\par 
\par Shift+F11       Hide or show tree panel (changed from Shift+F10)
\par 
\par Grey +          Expand all nodes in tree
\par Grey -          Collapse all nodes in tree
\par Grey *          Switch from tree panel to editor
\par \pard 
\par Shift+Down      Move selected node down
\par Shift+Left      Move selected node left (promote in hierarchy)
\par Shift+Right     Move selected node right (demote in hierarchy)
\par Shift+Up        Move selected node up
\par 
\par (Note: Another way of moving nodes is by dragging them and dropping in a new place. More tree commands are available from the tree context menu.)
\par 
\par -----------------------------------------------------------
\par \b 4. OTHER\plain\f5\fs20 
\par -----------------------------------------------------------
\par 
\par Alt+0 to Alt+9               Jump to bookmark number 0 through 9
\par                              (bookmark must be set)
\par \pard Shift+Alt+0 to Shift+Alt+9   Set bookmark number 0 through 9
\par 
\par Shift+F5                     Execute selected macro (if selector visible)
\par 
\par Shift+F6                     Insert internal KeyNote link
\par Ctrl+F6                      Mark location for internal KeyNote link
\par 
\par Ctrl+F12                     Execute the most recently run plugin
\par Shift+F12                    Display the Plugins dialog box (to select, configure or run plugins)
\par 
\par -----------------------------------------------------------
\par \b 5. ALTERNATE shift OR ctrl COMMANDS\plain\f5\fs20 
\par -----------------------------------------------------------
\par 
\par The following commands behave differently if the SHIFT, CTRL or ALT key is held down while the command is executed by pressing a toolbar button, clicking a menu option, or performing other mouse action (drag and drop, double-click, etc.).
\par \pard 
\par Save (File menu or toolbar button)
\par - with SHIFT, the Save As command is executed instead
\par 
\par Paste (Edit menu or toolbar button)
\par - with SHIFT, text is pasted as plain text
\par - with CTRL, the "Paste into new" command is executed instead.
\par - with ALT, the "Paste special" command is executed instead.
\par 
\par Paste into new (Edit menu)
\par - with SHIFT, text is pasted into a new note as plain text
\par 
\par Plugins (Tools menu)
\par - with SHIFT, KeyNote will re-initialize the list of installed plugins. This is useful if you have added or removed a plugin while KeyNote is running.
\par \pard 
\par When double-clicking on the note tab:
\par - with SHIFT, the Note Properties dialog box is opened (normally, the simpler Rename note dialog box is opened)
\par 
\par When clicking an URL in the editor:
\par - depending on the setting in Options dialog box, "Misc" tab, pressing the SHIFT key may be required for the URL to be activated.
\par - with CTRL, the URL is opened in a new browser window, regardless of the "URL action" option setting. (This only affects "http://" URLs.)
\par 
\par Background color (Format menu)
\par \pard - with SHIFT, if current note is a tree-type note, the new background color will be applied to ALL NODES in the tree (normally, the command only affects the currently displayed node). After you select a color, a confirmation dialog box is displayed. Shift key has no effect if the note is not a tree-type note.
\par 
\par Increase indent, Decrease indent (toolbar buttons)
\par - with SHIFT, the RIGHT indent gets increased or decreased, rather than the left indent.
\par 
\par WordWeb lookup (Insert menu, editor context menu, toolbar button)
\par \pard - with SHIFT, you will be prompted to enter a word to look up in the WordWeb thesaurus. (Normally, KeyNote automatically picks the current word in the editor and looks it up.)
\par 
\par When dropping a tree node onto another node in the tree:
\par - with SHIFT, the Insert command is executed for the dragged node, meaning that the node will be inserted before the node onto which it was dropped. Normally, the dragged node is added as a child of the node onto which it was dropped.
\par - with CTRL, the dragged node is inserted as the FIRST node in the tree (it becomes the top, or root, node).
\par \pard 
\par When a file is dropped from Windows Explorer onto the editor:
\par - if you hold down the SHIFT key while dropping a KeyNote file (a file with extension .KNT, .KNE, or .N_TEXT), the Merge function will be executed instead of opening the file. The Shift key has no effect when dropping other types of files (the Import function is executed for these files). Also note that when you drop files onto the tree panel, the files are linked as virtual nodes.
\par 
\par Copy node name (tree panel context menu)
\par \pard - with SHIFT, the whole text of the current node is copied to clipboard, in addition to the name of the node. The text is copied without formatting.
\par 
\par \page
{\up +}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up +} BROWSE0001:000b}
{\up $}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up $} Command Line Reference}
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} Command_Line_Reference}
\pard {\up K}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up K} arguments;command line;options;starting KeyNote;switches}
\f1\b\fs32\cf1 Command Line Reference
\par \plain\fs20\cf2 
\par \plain\f5\fs20 When launching KeyNote from the command-line (Start->Run...) or from a shortcut, you can specify one or more command-line arguments. These arguments are equivalent to some configuration options and change certain aspects of the program behavior.
\par 
\par \b usage: keynote.exe [filename[.knt]] [-option [-option...]]
\par \plain\f5\fs20 
\par Note: If a command-line argument is a file, just enter the full path and filename. Command-line arguments which are options must be preceded by a dash (-) or a slash (/), which is the usual convention for MS-DOS and MS Windows programs.
\par \pard 
\par Command-line options may be typed in lowercase or UPPERCASE, and may be specified in any order.
\par 
\par Following is a list of command-line options KeyNote supports:
\par 
\par \b FILENAMES:
\par \plain\f5\fs20 
\par You can specify one or more filenames on the command-line to alter the default behavior of the program. KeyNote relies on the file extension (file type) in interpreting the meaning of the option.
\par 
\par \b If you specify a...\tab Keynote will...\plain\f5\fs20 
\par .KNT file\tab \tab \tab - open this file on startup
\par .INI file\tab \tab \tab - use it as the configuration file instead of the default "keynote.ini") \tab \tab \tab \tab Note that this enables many users to share KeyNote on one computer and
\par \pard \tab \tab \tab \tab have their own, separate preferences.
\par .DEF file\tab \tab \tab - read from this file default settings for newly created notes 
\par \tab \tab \tab \tab (instead of the default keynote.def)
\par .MGR file\tab \tab \tab - use this file to fill the File Manager dialog box (instead of the
\par \tab \tab \tab \tab default keynote.mgr)
\par 
\par \b OPTIONS:
\par \plain\f5\fs20 
\par \b -min\tab \tab minimize on startup
\par \plain\f5\fs20 The main program window will be automatically minimized when KeyNote is started. Note that you can achieve the same effect by opening the shortcut Properties window and specifying "Minimized" in the appropriate setting on the Shortcut tab. If this option is not specified, KeyNote will restore the previous size and position of the main window.
\par \pard 
\par \b -debug\tab save some debug info
\par \plain\f5\fs20 Turns ON debugging. This option iso only honored if the program was built with debug code; otherwise it is ignored and has no effect on the program execution. When debugging is on, KeyNote periodically saves to disk a log file containing some runtime information and any error messages that may have been issued.
\par 
\par \b -nso\tab \tab do not save options
\par \plain\f5\fs20 If this option is specified, KeyNote will not save any configuration options you may change inside the program. You can still open the Options dialog box and change settings, but the changes you make will be lost after you close and restart the program. \cf8 This option may be useful when running KeyNote from a floppy disk.\plain\f5\fs20 
\par \pard 
\par \b -nro\tab \tab do not read options (IMPLIES 'nso')
\par \plain\f5\fs20 If this option is specified, KeyNote will not read its configuration
\par file (keynote.ini). All options will be reset to factory defaults. If this option is specified, KeyNote ALSO assumed the -nso option (see above), so it will neither read nor save any changes in configuration.
\par 
\par NOTE: The simplest way to restore factory default configuration is to delete the file "keynote.ini" which resides in the directory where you installed KeyNote.
\par \pard 
\par \b -reg\tab \tab register data file extension
\par \plain\f5\fs20 If this option is specified, KeyNote will try to register its default document extension (.knt) with itself. You can also perform this manually in Windows Explorer using the Options command in the View menu.
\par 
\par \b -nodef\tab do not read or write default entry settings
\par \plain\f5\fs20 If this option is specified, KeyNote will not load the default settings for new notes that you create (keynote.def) and will use factory defaults instead. If you wish to restore factory default settings for newly created notes, just delete the file "keynote.def" which resides in the directory where you installed KeyNote.
\par \pard 
\par \b -saveicn\tab save factory default icons to bitmap file
\par \plain\f5\fs20 For the programmer only; not useful for the users. Saves the default icon set to a bitmap file.
\par 
\par \b -noicn\tab do NOT load user icons from external .ICN file
\par \plain\f5\fs20 If this option is specified, KeyNote will not load the custom icons (keynote.icn) file at startup, and will use factory default icons instead. This option also disables the Icons tab in the Optioons dialog box, preventing the user from changing icons.
\par 
\par \pard \b -oldfmt\tab use old (pre-0.85) file format. See relevant note in the file
\par \plain\f5\fs20 "history.txt". This is only useful if you need to exchange your KeyNote file with someone who still uses a much older version of KeyNote. This setting is ignored if your current file contains tree-type notes, because the older versions of KeyNote will not be able to open such notes anyway.
\par 
\par \b -noreg\tab do NOT store window size and position and the recently used
\par \plain\f5\fs20 file list in the registry. Instead, this information is stored in a file with the ".mru" extension.
\par \page
{\up +}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up +} BROWSE0001:000c}
{\up $}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up $} Information for Dart Notes Users}
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} Information_For_Dart_Notes_Users}
\pard {\up K}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up K} compatibility;Dart Notes;export;file formats;import}
\f1\b\fs32\cf1 Information for Dart Notes Users
\par \plain\fs20\cf2 
\par \plain\fs20 The concept of KeyNote is based on a similar tabbed notebook application I have been using for several years: DaRT Notes, by Andrew v.d. Merwe. The URL for DaRT Notes is \uldb \f2\cf1 http://users.iafrica.com/d/da/dart/DaRT/Software/Notes/Notes.html\plain\f2\ul\fs20\cf1 {\v *!EF("http://users.iafrica.com/d/da/dart/DaRT/Software/Notes/Notes.html",`',1,`')}\plain\fs20 
\par 
\par DaRT Notes is an excellent and free program. I have gotten used to it so much that I never, literally never use pen and paper anymore. The author was very responsive to all comments, and for a long time the program grew in features and functionality.
\par \pard 
\par However, the development of DaRT Notes ultimately stopped. I have finally decided to create a similar program, one that would have most of the original DaRT Notes features, and then some more. Hence KeyNote.
\par 
\par KeyNote is NOT a "clone" of DaRT Notes, though. It is similar, but not a one-to-one equivalent. It is a bit slower :) but more featureful, I hope.
\par 
\par IMPORTANT NOTE TO DART NOTES USERS: 
\par KeyNote can read and save files in the format used by DaRT Notes. Since KeyNote has some additional functionality, certain features or properties will not be preserved across sessions. For instance, DaRT Notes has no tab icons, so whatever icons you specify for the tabs in the file, will be lost after you save and reopen the file in the DaRT Notes format. However, if you would like to try out KeyNote without having to transfer all your notes, you can. If you open a DaRT Notes file, it will be automatically saved in that format, too. If you wish to change the format in which the file will be saved, open the \uldb \cf4 File properties\plain\fs20\cf4 {\v File_properties_Information}\plain\fs20  dialog box and in the "Format" list choose \b "Keynote native"\plain\fs20 . Note that the file extension will be automatically changed depending on the format in which the file is being saved, so there is no danger of accidentally overwriting your DaRT Notes file.
\par \pard 
\par If you are using a version of KeyNote later than 0.90, please note that KeyNote now supports two major features which Dart Notes doesn't have: encryption and tree-type notes. A file which uses these features (e.g. a file which contains at least one tree-type note) CANNOT be saved in Dart Notes format.
\par 
\par Many thanks to the author of DaRT Notes, Andre v.d. Merwe, for providing a very reliable and useful application, and for inspiration. Also, many thanks for documenting the file format used by DaRT Notes.
\par \pard 
\par \page
{\up +}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up +} BROWSE0001:000d}
{\up $}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up $} Known Problems and Bugs}
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} Known_Problems_and_Bugs}
\pard {\up K}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up K} bugs;compatibility;errors;known bugs;problems}
\b\fs32\cf1 Known Problems and Bugs
\par \plain\fs20\cf2 
\par \plain\fs20 KeyNote is updated very often - more often that this Help file. A detailed list of known problems and unfixed bugs is contained in the file called "Bugs.txt". The file is located in the "\'5cdoc" subdirectory, below the directory where KeyNote is installed.
\par 
\par You can also view the latest version of the Release History file on the Web:
\par \uldb \f2\cf1 http://www.lodz.pdi.net/~eristic/free/keynote_bugs.html\plain\f2\ul\fs20\cf1 {\v *!EF("http://www.lodz.pdi.net/~eristic/free/keynote_bugs.html",`',1,`')}\plain\fs20 
\par 
\par \b Information contained in this Help topic was current at the time when version 1.0 of KeyNote was released (June/July 2001).\plain\fs20 
\par \pard 
\par 
\par \b\cf3 WINDOWS NT AND WINDOWS 2000/ME USERS:
\par \plain\fs20 
\par Windows NT 4.0, Windows 2000 and ME, as well as systems with MS Office 2000 installed, all come with version 3.0 of the "riched20.dll" library. This is the library which KeyNote uses to drive the rich text editor. Unfortunately, Microsoft introduced a lot of changes to that library between version 2 (which KeyNote normally uses) and version 3. Amid these changes, much compatibility was lost. As a result, some of KeyNote's features may not work predictably on the systems listed above.
\par \pard 
\par The main problem that was noted by many users was that text formatting (e.g. font styles) were not preserved across sessions: if you saved and then reopened a file, all font formatting would be lost. Also, text formatting was lost when certain program functions were used, e.g. when
\par toggling the "word wrap" option, or when changing tab-related settings.
\par 
\par \b \tab QUICK FIX:\plain\fs20 
\par 1. Press F5 to open the Options dialog box. 
\par 2. In the tree panel, click the "Advanced" node.
\par \pard 3. Click the \b "Enable Rich Edit version 3.0 fixes"\plain\fs20  checkbox. The option should be CHECKED (enabled).
\par 4. Click OK to close the Options dialog box.
\par 5. Restart KeyNote or reload current file for the changes to take effect.
\par    
\par Note: Enabling this setting slightly decreases the efficiency of the rich text editor. Do not enable it if you do not experience the problems outlined above.   
\par 
\par \b \tab EXPLANATION and other workarounds:
\par \plain\fs20 
\par I spent more than one sleepless night trying to overcome these incompatibilites. At present, there is no support for RTF 3.0 in Delphi, and even with such support I could not test the program under these conditions. Therefore, much guesswork was involved in coming up with the fixes.
\par \pard 
\par To date, most of the incompatibilities have been worked around. Font styles are no longer lost after you reopen the file; nor are they lost when you toggle the WordWrap option.
\par 
\par To protect your file against the loss of formatting, do one of the following BEFORE you change any tab-related settings in the "Options" dialog box:
\par 
\par a) turn the Auto Save feature OFF (to make sure the file will not be saved automatically in the "broken" state. After you have changed the settings, reload the file.
\par \pard 
\par b) close the file before changing the settings, then reopen the file.
\par 
\par (This procedure is no longer necessary if you have enabled the "RichEdit 3.0 Fixes" option, as described above.)
\par 
\par One other possible solution is this: Microsoft prohibits software authors from distributing the riched2.dll file (and for a good reason, because each system has its own version) - but if you can find a Windows machine with a compatible riched2.dll version 2.0 (not 3.0), you can just copy it to KEYNOTE's DIRECTORY (**NOT** to the system directory!) and KeyNote will use it instead. Despite MS's ban, you should be able to find copies riched2.dll on the Internet, but because different versions have the same file name, it may be hard to figure out if any particular copy is ight for your system. But if you managed that, the whole problem would immediately go away (and other apps would still be using the 3.0 version if they need it).
\par \pard 
\par 
\par \b OTHER BUGS and LIMITATIONS\plain\fs20 
\par 
\par \pard\li195\fi-195 \f3\fs18 \'b7\tab \f1\fs20 Printing problems: Originally, there was a problem with printing from the richedit control via the page setup dialog: you'd always get two or three additional blank pages at the end of the prinout. I had no idea how to fix that and why it was happening. 
\par \pard 
\par There is now a \b "Safe print"\plain\fs20  option which you can turn on in the Options dialog, "Advanced" page. With "Safe print" OFF, the rich text is first filtered through the older version of the richedit control, which fixes the problem with surplus pages, but causes loss of certain formatting attributes which the older richedit version did not support (e.g. highlighting, paragraph spacing, the "disabled"-looking font style and a few others).
\par 
\par With SafePrint turned ON, the printing is done directly from the richedit control, so you get all the "advanced" formatting attributes, but the page setup dialog is simply bypassed, and all settings you make there are ignored. For now, this is the best I can do.
\par \pard 
\par 
\par \pard\li195\fi-195 \f3\fs18 \'b7\tab \f1\fs20 It seems that if you add (or possibly move) some nodes in the tree, and then change the tree layout (from horizonal to vertical, or the other way around), then the new nodes lose their original position. This does not (seem to) affect the nodes that were created earlier.
\par \pard 
\par Unfortunately, this is not something that KeyNote does on its own. The bug lies depper in the logic of the Windows control that displays the tree. In a later release, I will replace this control with another, more flexible tree - but for now I'm afraid there's not much I can do.
\par 
\par There is a workaround for the problem, however. I think changing the layout of the tree note isn't something that's done very often. When you want to change the layout, save the file first *and reload it*. Just close the file and reopen it, or simply select the file from the "Recent files" menu. After you have reloaded the file, change the tree layout. This way, all nodes should stay where they were. You should probably save the file at this point and reload it again, at least if you intend to make any further changes to the tree.
\par \pard 
\par \pard\li195\fi-195 \f3\fs18 \'b7\tab \f1\fs20 On some systems you may receive an "Error code: 2" message while saving the .KNT file. The file, however, is saved correctly and no obvious error in fact occurs. If you encounter this problem, open the Options dialog box, click the "Advanced" tab, and CHECK the "Disable folder monitor" checkbox. The folder monitoring function is used to detect if another application has modified the file which is currently open in KeyNote (in such a case, KeyNote prompts you to reload the file from disk). Apparently, the folder monitoring is incompatible with some versions or configurations of Windows. Disabling it will eliminate the faux error message, but KeyNote will no longer be able to detect file changes. I'm working on a fix for this.
\par \pard 
\par \pard\li195\fi-195 \f3\fs18 \'b7\tab \f1\fs20 On Windows NT and Windows 2000 systems, KeyNote may crash if the "One instance only" option is checked and you try to start KeyNote more than once. This works fine on WIndows 95 and 98 systems, and since I can't reproduce the error, it won't be easy to fix. For now, please just uncheck the "One instance only" checkbox if you are running KeyNote on Windows NT or Windows 2000.
\par \pard 
\par \b FIXED\plain\fs20  - at least, I think so. Please let me know if you experience any other problems in this regard.
\par 
\par \pard\li195\fi-195 \f3\fs18 \'b7\tab \f1\fs20 Saving the notes file clears the Undo bufer; operations cannot be undone after the file was saved (manually or automatically). This is not done by design, but it's a "feature" of the RichEdit control. At this time, I have no idea how to work aroound it.
\par \pard 
\par \pard\li195\fi-195 \f3\fs18 \'b7\tab \f1\fs20 When exporting notes in RTF format, each note (and each node in a tree) is exported to a separate file. You cannot export (or print, or email) all notes, or all tree nodes, as a single RTF document. This may be corrected in the future - it is possible, but the required process is rather ugly.
\par \pard 
\par \b NOTE:\plain\fs20  It is now possible to export a single tree node as a text or an RTF file. Right-click the node and select the "Export" command.
\par 
\par \pard\li195\fi-195 \f3\fs18 \'b7\tab \f1\fs20 You may receive an "Invalid pointer operation" error when shutting down KeyNote. This happens at the very last stage of closing the program too late to use the debugger, so the problem is very hard to fix. Also, this does not affect the integrity of the data file - when the error occurs, the file has already been safely saved to disk.
\par \pard 
\par   This problem has been fixed, as far as I am able to tell. If the error still occurs, please email me!
\par 
\par \pard\li195\fi-195 \f3\fs18 \'b7\tab \f1\fs20 There is no spell-checker. This requires much more work and time than I can spend on KeyNote.
\par \pard 
\par \pard\li195\fi-195 \f3\fs18 \'b7\tab \f1\fs20 There is no RTF-to-HTML conversion. I'm working on it, but it's a *really* hairy issue.
\par \pard 
\par \pard\li195\fi-195 \f3\fs18 \'b7\tab \f1\fs20 Support for printing is minimal. If you need more, export your notes to RTF files and print from another application, such as Word or WordPad.
\par \pard 
\par \page
{\up +}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up +} BROWSE0001:000e}
{\up $}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up $} License}
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} License}
\pard {\up K}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up K} End-User License;EULA;license;Mozilla Public License;MPL;software license}
\f5\b\fs32\cf1 End-User License Agreement (EULA)
\par \plain\f5\fs20\cf2 
\par \plain\f5\b\fs28 KEYNOTE: MOZILLA PUBLIC LICENSE STATEMENT
\par Released: 30 June 2001\plain\f5\fs28 
\par 
\par The contents of this package ("KeyNote") are subject to the Mozilla Public License Version 1.1 (the "License"); you may not use this package except in compliance with the License. You may obtain a copy of the License at http://www.mozilla.org/MPL/
\par 
\par Software distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" basis, WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, either express or implied. See the License for the specific language governing rights and limitations under the License.
\par \pard 
\par The Original Code is KeyNote 1.0.
\par 
\par The Initial Developer of the Original Code is Marek Jedlinski <eristic@lodz.pdi.net> (Poland).
\par Portions created by Marek Jedlinski are Copyright (C) 2000, 2001. All Rights Reserved.\fs20 
\par \page
{\up +}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up +} BROWSE0001:000f}
{\up $}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up $} Auxiliary Files}
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} Auxiliary_Files}
\pard {\up K}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up K} auxiliary files;INI files;removing KeyNote;supplementary files;uninstalling KeyNote}
\f1\b\fs32\cf1 Auxiliary Files
\par \plain\fs20\cf2 
\par \plain\fs20 This topic describes the purpose of various files installed with KeyNote or created by the program.
\par 
\par Note KeyNote creates several auxiliary files as you use the program. These files will not be deleted by the Setup program when you uninstall KeyNote. You will need to delete these files manually after uninstalling.
\par 
\par 
\par \b .KNT
\par \plain\fs20 KeyNote file
\par These are the files that contain you notes. File \b "sample.knt"\plain\fs20  is installed with KeyNote, but you should create your own. The sample.knt file will be overwritten when you upgrade KeyNote.
\par \pard 
\par \b .KNE
\par \plain\fs20 Encrypted KeyNote file
\par 
\par \b .BAK
\par \plain\fs20 Backup file
\par Note that you can change the backup extension in the Options dialog box, so your backup files may be using a different extension.
\par These files may be safely deleted. They are created automatically by KeyNote each time your KNT/KNE file is saved, unless you turn OFF the Backup option.
\par 
\par \b .INI
\par \plain\fs20 Main KeyNote configuration file
\par This file may be safely deleted, but Keynote will recreate this file automatically. Note that some plugins may create INI files of their own, in the "plugins" subdirectory.
\par \pard 
\par \b .MGR
\par \plain\fs20 File manager storage
\par This file contains a list of all KeyNote files you have used. Missing files are automatically removed. In KeyNote, you can press F12 to open the File Manager and quickly select one of the remembered files in order to open it.
\par This file may be safely deleted, but Keynote will recreate this file automatically.
\par 
\par \b .TIP
\par \plain\fs20 Tip of the Day file
\par This file contains a list of the "Tipof-the-Day's" which KeyNote displays at startup (optionally).
\par This file may be safely deleted.
\par 
\par \b .MRU
\par \plain\fs20 This file contains information about the most recently used files (hence the extension), as well as information about the size and position of several dialog boxes. When these dislog boxes are opened, their previous position and/or size are restored. Delete this file to reset the state of all dialog boxes to factory defaults.
\par \pard This file may be safely deleted, but Keynote will recreate this file automatically.
\par 
\par \b .DEF
\par \plain\fs20 Default editor and tree settings for newly created notes. 
\par These are the options which you change with the "Default settings" command (under the "Tools" menu; or press F6). Note that you can have separate default settings for each KNT/KNE file, hence more than one .DEF file.
\par This file may be safely deleted, but you will then have to select your preferred default settings again.
\par 
\par \b .ADR
\par \plain\fs20 Address book for sending notes via email
\par Each line in this file should contain one email address. When emailing a note, the contents of this file are loaded into the "To" and "Cc" drop-down boxes, so that you can easily select an email address. You can edit this file in a text editor.
\par \pard This file may be safely deleted.
\par 
\par \b .SIG
\par \plain\fs20 Signature file for sending notes via email
\par This file is automatically appended to every email message sent from KeyNote. You can edit it in a text editor.
\par This file may be safely deleted.
\par 
\par \b .KNS
\par \plain\fs20 Style definition file.
\par All styles available in KeyNote are stored in this file.
\par This file may be safely deleted, but Keynote will recreate this file automatically whenever you create or edit styles.
\par 
\par \b .EXP
\par \plain\fs20 Glossary expansion file
\par This file may be safely deleted, but Keynote will recreate this file automatically whenever you add a term to the Glossary.
\par \pard 
\par \b .KEY
\par \plain\fs20 Kayboard customization file
\par This file is created by the "funckey.knl" plugin which you can use to assign macros, plugins and styles to function key combinations. This file may be safely deleted.
\par 
\par \b .KNL
\par \plain\fs20 KeyNote plugin
\par A few plugins are installed with KeyNote; others may be downloaded from KeyNote website. It is also possible that you have downloaded and installed KeyNote plugins from third-party vendors. You should not delete plugins unless you definitely want to get rid of them :)
\par \pard 
\par \b .KNM
\par \plain\fs20 KeyNote macro file
\par Each macro you create is saved to disk as a .KNM file. You can delete a .KNM file to remove an uneeded macro (this can also be achieved from inside KeyNote.)
\par 
\par \b .ICN
\par \plain\fs20 Tab icons storage
\par When you customize (add, remove) the icons which KeyNote displays on note tabs, your custom icons are saved in an .ICN file. Note that it is possible to have more than one .ICN file, because you can assign a different .ICN file to each KNT/KNE file.
\par If you delete this file, KeyNote will use its default, built-in tab icons.
\par \pard 
\par \b .HLP
\par \plain\fs20 KeyNote Help file
\par This file does not yet exist :)
\par 
\par \b .WAV
\par \plain\fs20 Clipboard capture notification sound
\par KeyNote is distributed with a single wave file, "clip.wav". This file is optionally played whenver text is captured from clipboard. You can safely delete this file or replace it with another .WAV file to play a different sound. The file must be named "clip.wav".
\par 
\par \b .DAT
\par \plain\fs20 Uninstaller file
\par DO NOT DELETE this file, or you will not be able to uninstall KeyNote automatically.
\par \pard 
\par \page
{\up +}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up +} BROWSE0001:0010}
{\up $}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up $} Sharing KeyNote on a multi-user system}
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} Sharing_KeyNote_on_a_multiuser_system}
\pard {\up K}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up K} configuration;individual settings for users;multi-user systems}
\b\fs32\cf1 Sharing KeyNote on a multi-user system
\par \plain\fs20\cf2 
\par \page
{\up +}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up +} BROWSE0001:0011}
{\up $}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up $} KeyNote editor}
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} KeyNote_editor}
\pard {\up K}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up K} editor;rich text format;RTF}
\b\fs32\cf1 KeyNote editor
\par \plain\fs20\cf2 
\par \page
{\up +}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up +} BROWSE0001:0012}
{\up $}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up $} Tree-type notes}
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} TreeType_notes}
\pard {\up K}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up K} nodes;notes;tree-type notes;virtual nodes}
\b\fs32\cf1 Tree-type notes
\par \plain\fs20\cf2 
\par \plain\b\fs20 GENERAL INFORMATION
\par \plain\fs20 
\par \b As of version 0.90, KeyNote now supports a new kind of notes: a "tree-type" note. These notes come in addition to the original notes, which are still available.
\par \plain\fs20 
\par The tree notes are more efficient, they load faster when you open the file, and allow you to organize information better. You can freely mix the old-style "plain" editor notes and tree notes within one file.
\par 
\par There is no limit to the number of "nodes" (i.e. separate notes, or "branches") in the tree. There is also no limit to the length of text that each note, or each tree "branch" can contain.
\par \pard 
\par If you have used previous versions of KeyNote, please note that files wich contain tree-type notes cannot be opened in older versions of KeyNote. This is important if you want to exchange .KNT files with another KeyNote user. Ask them to upgrade! :)
\par 
\par 
\par \b CREATING TREE-TYPE NOTES
\par \plain\fs20 
\par To create a tree-type note, do what you normally do to add a new note to the file: press Ctrl+N, or choose "New note" from the "Note" menu. In the "New Note" dialog box, click the "Type" drop-down list, and select "Multi-level tree". (Selecting "Simple Rich Text Editor" will create an old-style note without the tree.)
\par \pard 
\par If you like, you can also click the "Properties" button to open a dialog box where you can specify many options for the note you are creating. (For instance, you can specify the font and background color for the tree text.) After you have finished configuring the properties, click OK to close the Properties dialog box.
\par 
\par Click OK to close the "New Note" dialog box and create the new note.
\par 
\par A new note will be created. The note will contain a tree with one node. You can add nodes to the tree, edit them and drag in the tree. (See below for information about tree functions and keyboard shortcuts.)
\par \pard 
\par To switch from the editor to the tree, or from the tree back to the editor, press Ctrl+\'5c or press the "*" (asterisk) on the numeric keypad.
\par 
\par Once you have created a plain or a tree-type note, you cannot change its type. You can, however, edit all properties of the note at any time by pressing F4.
\par 
\par 
\par \b TREE FUNCTIONS
\par \plain\fs20 
\par \pard\li195\fi-195 \f3\fs18 \'b7\tab \f1\fs20 You can add an unlimited number of branches to the tree
\par \f3\fs18 \'b7\tab \f1\fs20 There is no limit to how deep you can nest tree branches.
\par \f3\fs18 \'b7\tab \f1\fs20 You can drag and drop branches in the tree.
\par \f3\fs18 \'b7\tab \f1\fs20 You can sort the whole tree or a selected branch
\par \f3\fs18 \'b7\tab \f1\fs20 You can specify all font properties for the tree text (F4)
\par \f3\fs18 \'b7\tab \f1\fs20 You can change the background color of the tree (F4)
\par \f3\fs18 \'b7\tab \f1\fs20 You can move nodes Up, Down, Left or Right (Shift+<arrow>)
\par \f3\fs18 \'b7\tab \f1\fs20 You can rename nodes, or paste a node name from clipboard
\par \pard\li195\fi-195 \f3\fs18 \'b7\tab \f1\fs20 You can show or hide the branch icons in the tree
\par \f3\fs18 \'b7\tab \f1\fs20 You can save the tree structure to a file
\par \f3\fs18 \'b7\tab \f1\fs20 You can export the contents of a single node in the tree.
\par \f3\fs18 \'b7\tab \f1\fs20 The tree panel can be arrranged horizontally )to the left of the editor) or vertically (on top of the editor)
\par \f3\fs18 \'b7\tab \f1\fs20 You can drag a tree node and drop it in a new location. You can also drag a node onto another note, to move the node there.
\par \pard 
\par See also: \uldb \cf4 Virtual nodes\plain\fs20\cf4 {\v Virtual_nodes}\plain\fs20 
\par 
\par All these functions are accessible via the right-click context menu in the tree, or via the "Tree" main menu. Most functions have keyboard shortcuts assigned to them.
\par 
\par \b COPYING OR MOVING BETWEEN NOTES
\par \plain\fs20 
\par You can now copy or move antire subtrees from noe tree note to another, or even from one file to another. Start by right-clicking the tree and selecting "Transfer", and then "Copy Subtree" from the context menu. Next, move to the tree where you want to add the copied nodes. You can also open another KeyNote file (the nodes you have copied are retained in memory).
\par \pard 
\par In the target tree, click the node below which you wish to add the copied subtree, and in the tree context menu select "Transfer", and then "Paste Subtree Here".
\par 
\par Note that the target tree must already have at least one node; otherwise you will not be able to paste nodes into it.
\par 
\par You can achieve the same result by clicking a subtree and dragging it to another tab - but of course this will only allow you to transfer nodes within a file.
\par 
\par To move nodes rather then copying them, you need to manually delete the original subtree after you have copied it.
\par \pard 
\par 
\par \b CONFIGURING TREE SETTINGS
\par \plain\fs20 
\par Some tree-related options can be specified separatey for each tree. To do this, press F4 (or choose "Properties" from the "Note" menu), then click the "Tree settings" tab. On this tab you can specify, for instance, the font and color properties for the tree, as well as the default name that will be used when creating new branches.
\par 
\par Many other tree-related settings are global, that is, they apply to ALL notes that contain trees, in all files. To edit these global settings, press F6 (or choose the "Default settings for Notes" command under the "Tools" menu), then click the "General settings" tab. There are many configuration options which enable to you tailor the behavior of the tree (and the editor) to your preferences.
\par \pard 
\par 
\par \b KEYBOARD SHORTCUTS FOR TREE-RELATED COMMANDS:
\par \plain\fs20 
\par To add a node to the tree:
\par \tab press Enter
\par To insert a node above current node:
\par \tab press Ins
\par To add a child to selected node:
\par \tab press Shift+Enter
\par To rename selected node:
\par \tab press Space or Shift+F2
\par To delete selected node:
\par \tab press Del
\par To delete all children of selected node:
\par \tab press Shift+Del
\par To move selected node:
\par \tab pressShift+<direction arrow>
\par \tab (e.g. Shift+Down arrow to move node down)
\par 
\par To switch focus from Note editor to tree:
\par \pard \tab press Ctrl+\'5c or Shift+Tab
\par 
\par To switch focus from Note tree to editor:
\par \tab press Ctrl+\'5c or TAB
\par 
\par \uldb \cf4 Click here for a complete list of keyboard shortcuts\plain\fs20\cf4 {\v Keyboard_Reference}\plain\fs20 
\par 
\par \b TREE LIMITATIONS and DIFFERENCES BETWEEN TREE-TYPE AND PLAIN NOTES
\par \plain\fs20 
\par Editing and editor settings:
\par \tab Each node ("branch") in the tree has its own formatted text and its own background color. All other editor settings are global FOR THE GIVEN NOTE. For instance, if you turn on the Word-Wrap function, all nodes in the tree will be word-wrapped. You cannot turn the word-wrap feature ON for some nodes, and OFF for other nodes. This shouldn't be a problem: in fact, since trees can contain even hundreds of nodes, it would be very confusing if each node had independent editor settings.
\par \pard 
\par Export and Email functions:
\par \tab When exporting a tree-type note as plain text, contents of the whole tree are saved to a single text file. When exporting a tree-type note as RTF (Rich Text Format) file, each node is saved to a separate .RTF document. These documents are named automatically, using the names of the original tree nodes.
\par 
\par \tab When sending a tree-type note as email, you can only send it as plain text. Unlike plain, old-style notes, you cannot send a tree-type note as a single RTF attachment.
\par \pard 
\par \tab In general, it is impossible to create a single RTF file which contains text from all nodes in a tree. It is only possible to create a plain text (*.TXT) file that way.
\par 
\par Clipboard capture:
\par \tab Tree-type notes CANNOT be used for clipboard capture. You must create a plain note for this purpose.
\par 
\par UNDO feature of the editor:
\par \tab After making some editing changes in node A, and then clicking another node (B) in the tree, you will not be able to Undo the changes in node A. This limitation is imposed by the editor itself, and a workaround is unlikely.
\par \pard 
\par 
\par \b DRAG-AND-DROP OPERATIONS IN TREE
\par \plain\fs20 
\par Each node in the tree can be dragged and dropped in a new position.
\par 
\par Dragging a node onto another node adds it as a child of this node,
\par 
\par If you hold down the SHIFT key while dropping a node, the node is inserted on the SAME LEVEL as the node onto which you have dropped it (rather than becoming a child node).
\par 
\par If you hold down the CTRL key while dropping a node onto a top-level (root) node, the node wil be placed as the FIRST TOP NODE in the tree.
\par \pard 
\par Dragging a node or a subtree to another tab copies it to that tab (provided that the tab holds a tree-type note, of course)
\par 
\par If you drag a text or an RTF file from Windows Explorer onto the tree, the file will be added to the tree as a Virtual Node.
\par 
\par 
\par \b MISCELLANEOUS NOTES
\par \plain\fs20 
\par You can turn off the tree node icons for each tree independently. The icons cannot be changed and there will be no such possibility.
\par 
\par All nodes can contain text. There is no concept of a "folder" node as separate from an actual note. There is also no concept of a "root node", i.e. you can have as many 0-level nodes as you want. I think this approach is better than having separate "folder" and "note" branches, because a folder is merely an empty branch in the tree. KeyNote can put text in ANY branch, so each node in the tree can be a note AND a folder at the same time.
\par \pard 
\par As you know from the previous versions of KeyNote, the program can remember the position of the caret in each note, and restore it when you open the file. The same is now true for trees: KeyNote can optionally remember which node in the tree was selected, and automatically jump to this node when you open the file later on.
\par 
\par You can make the tree wider or narrower by dragging the vertical "splitter" bar which divides the tree from the editor. Each note retains the tree width independently of other notes, and the width of the tree is always restored when you open a previously saved file. (If the size of the main KeyNote window is too small to make the tree as wide as it was previously, the tree is automatically narrowed to fit.)
\par \pard 
\par Nodes in the tree can be moved with the keyboard. Hold down SHIFT while you click the arrows keys. You can move nodes UP/DOWN (within the list of siblings) or LEFT/RIGHT (Left: promotes the node 1 level Up; Right: demotes the node 1 level down.) By combining these moves, a node can be relocated to ANY possible position in the tree.
\par 
\par New nodes that you add to the tree can be named automatically. In the \uldb \cf4 Note Properties \plain\fs20\cf4 {\v Note_properties_Tree_settings}\plain\fs20 dialog box, click the [?] button to see what is possible. For instance, when you create a new node in the tree, this node's number can be added to the name.
\par \pard 
\par 
\par \page
{\up +}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up +} BROWSE0001:0013}
{\up $}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up $} Virtual nodes}
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} Virtual_nodes}
\pard {\up K}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up K} nodes: virtual;tree-type notes;virtual nodes}
\b\fs32\cf1 Virtual nodes
\par \plain\fs20\cf2 
\par \plain\fs20 
\par Virtual nodes are nodes in the tree which behave in a  special way. A virtual node does not contain its own text in KeyNote, like normal nodes do. Instead, a \b virtual node is linked to a file on your disk\plain\fs20 . The text of that file is displayed in KeyNote and may be edited in exactly the same way as any normal note. However, when KeyNote saves the file, the text in the virtual node is saved back to the original file on disk, rather than being saved in the KeyNote file itself.
\par \pard 
\par This allows you to keep certain files separate and be edit them in other applications (such as NotePad or WordPad), and at the same time to edit these files inside KeyNote.
\par 
\par Note, however, that if you copy the KeyNote file to a diskette or move it to another computer, the virtual nodes may become "orphaned", because their linked files will remain in their original location on your hard disk.
\par 
\par You can only link text (*.txt) or Rich text (*.rtf) files to a virtual node. If the file on disk is a plain text file, any formatting styles that you apply to this file's virtual node will be lost, because the file will be saved in its original, plain text format.
\par \pard 
\par \b TIP:\plain\fs20  If a file you want to link as a virtual node does not have the ".txt" extension, but it really is a plain text file, you can add that extension to the list of file extensions that KeyNote recognizes. \uldb \cf4 Click here for more information\plain\fs20\cf4 {\v Options_File_types}\plain\fs20 .
\par 
\par To create a virtual node: Add a normal node to the tree the way you always do. Do not type anything in the node's editor window. Right-click the node with your mouse, and from the context menu select the "Virtual node" command. A standard "File open" dialog box will be displayed, allowing you to choose the file on disk which you want to link to the node. Select the file and click OK.
\par \pard 
\par Important: If you encrypt a file containing virtual nodes, \cf3 the text in the disk files will not be encrypted\plain\fs20 . \uldb \cf4 Click here for more information\plain\fs20\cf4 {\v Encrypting_KeyNote_files}\plain\fs20 .
\par 
\par \b Additional note:
\par \plain\fs20 A virtual node can be reverted to a "normal" node. If you click the "Virtual node" command in the tree context menu on a node that already is virtual, you will be given an option to revert the node to normal. The contents of the linked file will be retained, but the link with the file will be broken, and the text will now be stored in the .KNT file. This enables you to import RTF and text files directly into tree nodes, although in a somewhat roundabout way.
\par \pard 
\par See also: \uldb \cf4 Importing files\plain\fs20\cf4 {\v Importing_files_as_notes}\plain\fs20 
\par 
\par \page
{\up +}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up +} BROWSE0001:0014}
{\up $}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up $} Configuring KeyNote - Overview}
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} Configuring_KeyNote_Overview}
\pard {\up K}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up K} configuration: overview;defaults;options: overview;settings}
\b\fs32\cf1 Configuring KeyNote - Overview - Overview
\par \plain\fs20\cf2 
\par \plain\fs20 KeyNote is highly configurable. While I realize that the sheer number of configuration options may intimidate some users, it gives the program a valuable flexibility. 
\par 
\par There are three main groups of configuration settings in KeyNote: \cf5 OPTIONS, FILE PROPERTIES, \cf2 and\cf5  NOTE PROPERTIES\plain\fs20 .
\par 
\par \b I. CONFIGURATION OPTIONS\plain\fs20  are global settings for the whole program. For example, they allow you to choose whether KeyNote should automatically save your files, whether backup files should be created, what should happen when you press the Escape key, etc. You can also specify here several global options pertaining to the editor and tree panels. To change these configuration options, press F5 or select "Configuration options" from the "Tools" menu.
\par 
\par \uldb \cf4 Click here to learn more about specfying Configuration options\plain\fs20\cf4 {\v Configuration_options}\plain\fs20 
\par 
\par \b II. FILE PROPERTIES\plain\fs20  is a small group of settings related to the whole .KNT file, rather than particular notes inside it. For example, you can specify the format in which the file should be saved, choose whether the file should be encrypted (and specify the access passphrase requireed to open the file), add a description which will make it easier to identify the file, etc.
\par \pard 
\par To change FILE PROPERTIES for the currently open file, press Alt+Enter, or select the "Properties" command from the "File" menu.
\par 
\par \uldb \cf4 Click here to learn more about specfying File properties\plain\fs20\cf4 {\v KeyNote_File_properties}\plain\fs20 
\par 
\par \b III. NOTE PROPERTIES\plain\fs20  are settings that apply to particular notes, so that each note within a single file can have its own, separate set of properties. These are, for example, the name of the note and the icon displayed next to the name, the background color of the editor, the "Word Wrap" option, or the layout of a tree-type note (whether the tree should be shown to the left of the editor, or above it).
\par 
\par These note-specific properties can be set in two different ways: you can change the properties for each individual note, but you can also set DEFAULT PROPERTIES for all the new notes that you will later create. For example, you can specify that each new note should have white background by default - but you can also change the background color of any individual note to yellow.
\par \pard 
\par \b a)\plain\fs20  To change properties for an INDIVIDUAL NOTE, press F4, or select the "Note properties" command from the "Note" menu. Alternatively, you can also right-click the note and select the "Note properties" command from the context menu. Changes will only affect the note which is currently active.
\par 
\par \b b)\plain\fs20  To change DEFAULT PROPERTIES for all NEWLY CREATED NOTES, press F6, or select the "Default settings" command from the Tools menu. Changes will only affect notes tat you will later create; existing notes will NOT be affected.
\par \pard 
\par Note that properties for the active note and default properties for new notes are edited in the same exact dialog box - because these are the same properties. The title bar of the dialog box indicates whether you are editing active note properties, or defaults for notes that you will later create.
\par 
\par \uldb \cf4 Click here to learn more about specfying Note properties and defaults\plain\fs20\cf4 {\v Note_properties_and_defaults}\plain\fs20 
\par 
\par \b TIP:\plain\fs20  Often you will only want to rename the active note or change its icon. You can do this via the Note properties dialog box, but it is faster to just press F2 or double-click the note's tab (above the editor, where the note name and icon are shown). This is equivalent to selecting the "Rename note" command from the "Notes" menu.
\par \pard 
\par \page
{\up +}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up +} BROWSE0001:0015}
{\up $}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up $} Configuration options}
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} Configuration_options}
\pard {\up K}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up K} configuration options;global options;options;program options;settings}
\b\fs32\cf1 Configuration options
\par \plain\fs20\cf2 
\par \plain\b\fs20 CONFIGURATION OPTIONS\plain\fs20  are global settings for the whole program. For example, they allow you to choose whether KeyNote should automatically save your files, whether backup files should be created, what should happen when you press the Escape key, etc. You can also specify here several global options pertaining to the editor and tree panels. To change these configuration options, press F5 or select "Configuration options" from the "Tools" menu.
\par 
\par The Options dialog box contains a tree panel to the left, and several tabs to the right. Each tab contains a group of related configuration settings. To navigate from one tab to another, click one of the nodes in the tree panel.
\par 
\par \b TIP:\plain\fs20  To quickly switch back to the tree panel, press Shift+ESC.
\par 
\par Click the links below for details about settings available on each tab.
\par 
\par \uldb \cf4 General settings\plain\fs20\cf4 {\v Options_General_settings}\plain\fs20 
\par \uldb \cf4 Rich Text editor\plain\fs20\cf4 {\v Options_Rich_Text_editor}\plain\fs20 
\par \pard \uldb \cf4 Tree panel\plain\fs20\cf4 {\v Options_Tree_panel}\plain\fs20 
\par \uldb \cf4 KeyNote files\plain\fs20\cf4 {\v Options_KeyNote_Files}\plain\fs20 
\par \uldb \cf4 File options\plain\fs20\cf4 {\v Options_File_Options}\plain\fs20 
\par \uldb \cf4 Actions\plain\fs20\cf4 {\v Options_Actions}\plain\fs20 
\par \uldb \cf4 Confirmations\plain\fs20\cf4 {\v Options_Confirmations}\plain\fs20 
\par \uldb \cf4 Chrome\plain\fs20\cf4 {\v Options_Chrome}\plain\fs20 
\par \uldb \cf4 Tab icons\plain\fs20\cf4 {\v Options_Tab_icons}\plain\fs20 
\par \uldb \cf4 Advanced\plain\fs20\cf4 {\v Options_Advanced}\plain\fs20 
\par \uldb \cf4 Formats\plain\fs20\cf4 {\v Options_Formats}\plain\fs20 
\par \uldb \cf4 Clipboard capture\plain\fs20\cf4 {\v Options_Clipboard_capture}\plain\fs20 
\par \uldb \cf4 File types\plain\fs20\cf4 {\v Options_File_types}\plain\fs20 
\par 
\par \page
{\up +}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up +} BROWSE0001:0016}
{\up $}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up $} Options: General settings}
\pard {\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} Options_General_settings}
{\up K}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up K} Options: General settings}
\b\fs32\cf1 Options: General settings
\par \plain\fs20\cf2 
\par \plain\fs20 
\par \b Minimize to system tray\plain\fs20 
\par If enabled, KeyNote will place its icon in the system tray area (next to the clock in the right hand corner of the screen) when minimized.
\par If disabled, KeyNote will minimize itself to the normal button on the taskbar.
\par Note: When KeyNote is minimized, you can quickly bring it up by clicking the system tray icon, or by pressing the Activation Hotkey combination (Shift+Ctrl+F12 by default)
\par Default: YES
\par 
\par \b Start program minimized\plain\fs20 
\par \pard If enabled, KeyNote will automatically minimize itself on startup.
\par If disabled, KeyNote will start up in a normal window.
\par Note: You can also force KeyNote to minimize at startup by adding the "-min" switch to the commandline in the shortcut you use to launch KeyNote.
\par Default: NO
\par 
\par \b Do not close; minimize instead\plain\fs20 
\par If enabled, KeyNote will minimize itself, instead of exiting, when you click the right-most [x] button in the top-right corner of the window.
\par If disabled, clicking the [x] will cause KeyNote to exit (this is the standard behavior)
\par \pard Note: If this box is enabled, you can still exit KeyNote normally by clicking the "File|Exit" menu option, or right-clicking the icon in the system tray and selecting the "Exit" command.
\par Default: NO
\par 
\par \b Show splash screen
\par \plain\fs20 If enabled, the splash screen will be briefly displayed while KeyNote is starting up. Note that this only minimally slows down the startup process; there is absolutely no artificial delay, and the splash screen is immediately hidden when KeyNote is ready to display the file.
\par \pard If disabled, the splash screen will not be shown. You can still view the information by selecting the "About" command from the "Help" menu.
\par Default: YES
\par 
\par \b Show tooltip hints\plain\fs20 
\par If enabled, brief information messages will be shown whenever you move the mouse cursor over various elements of KeyNote interface.
\par If disabled, the tooltips will not be shown. However, the same information is still displayed in the Status bar (even if another dialog box is opened)
\par Default: YES
\par 
\par \b On Escape key
\par \pard \plain\fs20 Choose what should happen when you press the ESCAPE key. Available options are: Do nothing, MInimize KeyNote, Exit Keynote.
\par Default: Minimize KeyNote
\par 
\par \b Activation Hotkey
\par \plain\fs20 Click this box and press Backspace to delete the existing hotkey. Next, press the new hotkey which you want to use to bring KeyNote to front when it is minimized or hidden begind other application windows.
\par Note: The hotkey you specify here is system-wide. This means that no other application will be able to use this key combination (it is overridden by KeyNote).
\par \pard Note also, that if you run multiple instances of KeyNote, only the first instance will be able to use this hotkey.
\par If you do not want to use any hotkey, leave this field blank.
\par Default: Shift+Ctrl+F12
\par 
\par \b Warn when cannot assign activation hotkey
\par \plain\fs20 If enabled, KeyNote will display a warning message when it cannot assign the hotkey. Hotkey assignment may fail if anorther application was started before KeyNote and it uses the same hotkey. Note that the warning will not be shown when you start more than one instance of KeyNote, because obviously only the first instance will be able to register the hotkey for itself
\par \pard If disabled, KeyNote will never show the warning about having failed to register the hotkey.
\par 
\par 
\par \page
{\up +}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up +} BROWSE0001:0017}
{\up $}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up $} Options: Rich Text editor}
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} Options_Rich_Text_editor}
\pard {\up K}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up K} Options: Rich Text editor}
\b\fs32\cf1 Options: Rich Text Editor
\par \plain\fs20\cf2 
\par \plain\fs20 
\par Automaticaly select whole words
\par Show caret position in status bar
\par Save and restore caret position
\par Auto indent lines
\par Undo buffer limit:
\par Increment indents by:
\par Increment font size by:
\par Increment para space by:
\par 
\par \page
{\up +}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up +} BROWSE0001:0018}
{\up $}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up $} Options: Tree panel}
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} Options_Tree_panel}
\pard {\up K}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up K} Options: Tree panel}
\b\fs32\cf1 Options: Tree panel
\par \plain\fs20\cf2 
\par \plain\fs20 
\par After creating a new node, switch to edit mode
\par Edit nodes "in place" (no dialog box)
\par Auto-name virtual nodes
\par Save and restore last active node in tree
\par Inherit BG color from active node
\par Hot track tree nodes
\par Show tree initially expanded
\par Auto scroll tree on mouse movement
\par Show tooltips in tree
\par 
\par \cf2 
\par 
\par \page
{\up +}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up +} BROWSE0001:0019}
{\up $}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up $} Options: KeyNote Files}
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} Options_KeyNote_Files}
\pard {\up K}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up K} Options: KeyNote Files}
\b\fs32\cf1 Options: KeyNote Files
\par \plain\fs20\cf2 
\par \plain\fs20 
\par \b Load last-used file
\par \plain\fs20 If enabled, KeyNote will automatically open on startup the file that was open when you last used KeyNote.
\par If disabled, KeyNote will not try to automatically open the last-used file.
\par Note: If both "Load last-used file" and "Load specific file" boxes are disabled, KeyNote will not try to open any file at startup, and will create a new blank file instead. You can still open files automatically by double-clicking a KeyNote file (a file with the .KNT extension) in Windows Explorer.
\par Default: YES
\par 
\par \b Load specific file:
\par \plain\fs20 If enabled, KeyNote will always try to open, at startup, the file specified in the file name edit box below.
\par If disabled, KeyNote will not try to open the specified file automatically.
\par \pard Note: If both "Load last-used file" and "Load specific file" boxes are disabled, KeyNote will not try to open any file at startup, and will create a new blank file instead. You can still open files automatically by double-clicking a KeyNote file (a file with the .KNT extension) in Windows Explorer.
\par Default: NO
\par 
\par \b Automatically save changes in KeyNote file
\par \plain\fs20 If enabled, KeyNote will automatically save your file when necessary, if the file has been modified.
\par If disabled, KeyNote will never save the file automatically. If the file has been modified, KeyNote will display a prompt, asking you whether the file should be saved. You will be able to asnwer "Yes" (save the file), "No" (do not save the file, lose all changes) or "Cancel" (do not perform the operation that required saving the file).
\par \pard Note: If the box is enabled, the file is automatically saved when you close the file, create a new file or open an existing file. See the "On focus change" and "Every ... minutes" checkboxes for additional settings related to the AutoSave function.
\par Default: YES
\par 
\par \b When you switch to another application
\par \plain\fs20 If enabled, and if the AutoSave setting is ON, KeyNote will automatically save the file (if it has been modified) when you switch to another application. This is the recommended setting, because it ensures that your file is saved frequently, and saving the file does not delay your work - because it happens when you stop using KeyNote and go to another application.
\par \pard If disabled, the file will not be automatically saved when you switch from KeyNote to another application.
\par Note: This checkbox is unavailable if the "Automatically save changes" box is disabled.
\par Default: YES
\par 
\par \b Every [n] minutes
\par \plain\fs20 If enabled, and if the AutoSave setting is ON, KeyNote will automatically save the file (if it has been modified) at the timer interval that you can specify, in minutes, using the numeric edit field.
\par If disabled, KeyNote will not automatically save the file at timer intervals.
\par Note: This checkbox is unavailable if the "Automatically save changes" box is disabled.
\par Default: NO
\par 
\par \b TIP:\plain\fs20  If the "Automatically save changes in KeyNote file" option is enabled, but both "When you switch to another application" and "Every [n] minutes" are disabled, your KeyNote file will be saved automatically only when absolutely necessary: when you exit KeyNote, open or create another file, or whenever you invoke a command that would cause a loss of data if the file was not saved first.
\par \pard 
\par \b Backup original file when saving changes
\par \plain\fs20 If enabled, KeyNote will create a backup of your file when saving.
\par If disabled, no backup files will be made.
\par Default: YES
\par 
\par \b Do not replace extension; append instead
\par \plain\fs20 If enabled, the backup extension (.BAK, by default) will be appended to the name of the original file (e.g. "myfile.knt.bak")
\par If disabled, the backup extension will replace the original file extension (e.g. "myfile.bak")
\par Default: YES
\par 
\par \b Backup file extension:
\par \pard \plain\fs20 This edit box allows you to change the extension that will be used for creating backup files.
\par Note: Several standard KeyNote extensions are reserved and cannot be used for the backup files. For instance, ".KNT", ".KNE" and ".n_text" cannot be used as extensions for backup files.
\par Default: .BAK
\par 
\par 
\par \page
{\up +}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up +} BROWSE0001:001a}
{\up $}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up $} Options: File Options}
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} Options_File_Options}
\pard {\up K}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up K} Options: File Options}
\b\fs32\cf1 Options: File Options
\par \plain\fs20\cf2 
\par \plain\fs20 
\par \b Remember recently used files\plain\fs20 
\par If enabled, KeyNote will remember several of the last-used files, and will display the list of them in the "Recent Files" menu (Under the "File" menu). Click one of these files to open it. This provides fast access to recently used files, because you do not need to search for the file using the Open File dialog box. Specify the number of recent files that KeyNote should remember by entering a value in the numeric edit box.
\par \pard If disabled, KeyNote will not display the "Recent Files" menu.
\par Note: The list of recently used files can be accessed even faster by clicking the down arrow next to the "Open" button on the main toolbar.
\par Default: YES
\par 
\par \b Display as Submenu
\par \plain\fs20 If enabled, the list of recently used files will be displayed as a submenu under the "File" menu.
\par If disabled, the list of recently used files will be displayed directly below the "File" menu (somewhat quicker to click, but clutters the menu).
\par \pard Note: This checkbox is unavailable if the "Remember recently used files" box is disabled.
\par Default: YES
\par 
\par \b Show Full path in MRU menu\plain\fs20 
\par If enabled, the menu of recently used files will display full filenames (with paths)
\par If disabled, the menu of recently used files will display shortened filenames (names only; no paths)
\par Note: This checkbox is unavailable if the "Remember recently used files" box is disabled.
\par Default: YES
\par 
\par \b Open in Read-Only mode:\plain\fs20 
\par Enable this option for "Files on floppy disks" and / or "Files on network drives" if you want KeyNote to automatically open such files for viewing only.
\par 
\par \b NOTE:\plain\fs20  In some other cases, files will be opened as Read-Only automatically. For instance, files that already have the Read-Only attribute set, or files located on CD-ROM discs will always be opened in this mode. 
\par \pard 
\par Files opened in Read-Only mode \b can be edited\plain\fs20 , but you will have to save them with a different name (using the "Save As..." command under the "File" menu) or close them without saving the changes at all.
\par 
\par \b Warn when opening file in  Read-Only mode\plain\fs20 
\par If enabled, KeyNote will display a warning message after having opened a file in Read-Only mode.
\par If disabled, KeyNote will not display a warning message. 
\par 
\par \b TIP:\plain\fs20  If a file was opened in Read-Only mode, KeyNote displays a special icon (with a bright red "X") in the status bar.
\par \pard 
\par \b Auto register file type (associate .KNT files with KeyNote)
\par \plain\fs20 If enabled, KeyNote will try to register its file type (.KNT) in Windows, so that you will be able to open KeyNote files just by double-clicking them in the WIndows Explorer.
\par If disabled, KeyNote will not try to register its file type at startup. You can still regiuster the .KNT file extention manually (Choose "View|Options|File types" in Windows Explorer.)
\par Note: The registration check delays program startup slightly.
\par \pard Default: NO
\par 
\par \b Prompt before creating file association
\par \plain\fs20 If enabled, KeyNote will prompt for confirmation before registering its file type (.KNT)
\par If disabled, KeyNote will automatically register its file type without prompting for confirmation.,
\par Note: This setting is unavailable if "Auto register file type" box is disabled.
\par Default: YES
\par 
\par \b Use alternate extension (.KNE) for encrypted files
\par \plain\fs20 If enabled, KeyNote will automatically save encrypted files with a different extension (KNE).
\par \pard If disabled, KeyNote will use the same extension (KNT) for encrypted and non-encrypted files.
\par Default: NO
\par 
\par \page
{\up +}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up +} BROWSE0001:001b}
{\up $}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up $} Options: Actions}
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} Options_Actions}
\pard {\up K}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up K} Options: Actions}
\b\fs32\cf1 Options: Actions
\par \plain\fs20\cf2 
\par \plain\fs20 
\par Minimize KeyNote after 
\par Close Notes file after
\par Auto-close encrypted files only
\par On URL click:
\par Shift key must be held down when URL is clicked
\par Minimize KeyNote on URL launch
\par Launch "file://" URLs without prompting
\par 
\par 
\par \page
{\up +}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up +} BROWSE0001:001c}
{\up $}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up $} Options: Confirmations}
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} Options_Confirmations}
\pard {\up K}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up K} Options: Confirmations}
\b\fs32\cf1 Options: Confirmations
\par \plain\fs20\cf2 
\par \plain\fs20 
\par \b Confirm before closing KeyNote\plain\fs20 
\par If enabled, KeyNote will prompt for confirmation before exiting.
\par If disabled, KeyNote will always exit without prompting.
\par Note: KeyNote never prompts for exit confirmation if it detects that Windows is being shut down.
\par Default: NO
\par 
\par \b Confirm before deleting a note\plain\fs20 
\par If enabled, KeyNote will prompt for confirmation before removing a tab with its note.
\par If disabled, KeyNote will not prompt for confirmation before removing a note.
\par \pard \b Note: Removing a note cannot be undone. \plain\fs20 
\par Default: YES
\par 
\par \b Confirm before deleting tree node
\par \plain\fs20 If enabled, KeyNote will prompt for confirmation before removing a node from a tree.
\par If disabled, KeyNote will not prompt for confirmation before removing a node.
\par Note: Removing a tree node cannot be undone.
\par Default: YES
\par 
\par \b Confirm before pasting tree nodes
\par \plain\fs20 If enabled, KeyNote will prompt for confirmation when you drag and drop tree nodes onto another note, or when you use the "Paste nodes" command.
\par \pard If disabled, KeyNote will drag and drop and paste tree nodes without asking for confirmation.
\par Default: YES
\par 
\par \b Automatically paste expression evaluation results
\par \plain\fs20 If enabled, the result of the "Evaluate expression" command will be immediately inserted into the note text. (The result is also copied to clipboard.)
\par If disabled, the result of the "Evaluate expression" command will not be inserted into the note text. (The result is copied to clipboard.)
\par Note: In both cases, KeyNote remembers the result of the last expression evaluation performed. You can paste the result at any time by pressing Alt+Insert.
\par \pard Default: YES
\par 
\par \b Automatically insert text from plugins
\par \plain\fs20 If enabled, KeyNote will prompt for confirmation before inserting text generated by a plugin.
\par If disabled, KeyNote will insert such text automatically, after the plugin has shut down.
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par \page
{\up +}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up +} BROWSE0001:001d}
{\up $}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up $} Options: Chrome}
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} Options_Chrome}
\pard {\up K}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up K} Options: Chrome}
\b\fs32\cf1 Options: Chrome
\par \plain\fs20\cf2 
\par \plain\fs20 
\par \b Settings for: (x) Active tab ( )Inactive tabs
\par \plain\fs20 Click the radio button which corresponds to the mode for which you want to change the color. Only one tab can be active at any given moment - this is the tab which holds the note you are currently editong (the "active note"). All other tabs are considered "inactive". You can have different colors for active and inactive tabs, but they will both use the same font.
\par 
\par \b Font button
\par \plain\fs20 Select the font style to use for displaying note names on tabs
\par \pard 
\par \b Color button\plain\fs20 
\par Select the color for active or inactive note tabs
\par 
\par \b Reset button\plain\fs20 
\par Restore default value for tab fonts and colors
\par 
\par \b Sample font\plain\fs20 
\par This edit field displays what the tabs will look like with currently selected font and color values
\par 
\par \b Show icons on tabs\plain\fs20 
\par If enabled, icons will be displayed on note tabs.
\par If disabled, no icons will be displayed on tabs.
\par Note: Alternatively, you can turn icons On or OFF separately for each file: close this dialog box and choose "Properties" from the "File" menu.
\par \pard Default: YES
\par 
\par \b Hot track in tabs
\par \plain\fs20 If enabled, the tabs will become highlighted when you move mouse cursor over them
\par If disabled, the tabs will not respond to mouse movements, only to clicks
\par 
\par \b Tabs are on top
\par \plain\fs20 If enabled, note tabs will be displayed on top, i.e. above the editor
\par If disabled, note tabs will be displayed at the bottom, i.e. below the editor
\par 
\par \b Multiline tabs (arrange in rows when cannot fit)
\par \plain\fs20 If enabled, note tabs will be arrenged in multiple rows if the don't fit in current width of the editor panel
\par \pard If disabled, scroll arrows (left-right) will be displayed in the upper right corner of the editor panel if the tabs do not fit
\par 
\par 
\par \page
{\up +}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up +} BROWSE0001:001e}
{\up $}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up $} Options: Tab icons}
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} Options_Tab_icons}
\pard {\up K}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up K} Options: Tab icons}
\b\fs32\cf1 Options: Tab icons
\par \plain\fs20\cf2 
\par This page allows you to customize the icons used for the note tabs. You can add, insert or delete icons.
\par 
\par \plain\b\fs20 Add... button\plain\fs20 
\par Opens a standard Windows file selection dialog box, and adds the icon you select to the end of the list
\par 
\par \b Insert... button\plain\fs20 
\par Opens a standard Windows file selection dialog box, and inserts the icon you select at the current position in list.
\par \b Warning:\plain\fs20  Inserting an icon will move all subsequent icons forward. As a result, existing notes will now display different icons.
\par \pard 
\par \b Delete button\plain\fs20 
\par Deletes the selected icon from list.
\par \b Warning:\plain\fs20  Deleting an icon will move all subsequent icons forward. As a result, existing notes will now display different icons.
\par 
\par \b Reset button\plain\fs20 
\par Reloads the built-in set of icons, effectively removing any customization.
\par \page
{\up +}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up +} BROWSE0001:001f}
{\up $}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up $} Options: Advanced}
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} Options_Advanced}
\pard {\up K}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up K} Options: Advanced}
\b\fs32\cf1 Options: Advanced
\par \plain\fs20\cf2 
\par \plain\fs20 
\par Disable folder monitor
\par A change in this setting will take effect after you close and restart KeyNote.
\par 
\par Show font samples in Font combo box
\par A change in this setting will take effect after you close and restart KeyNote.
\par 
\par Longer drop-down lists on toolbars
\par A change in this setting will take effect after you close and restart KeyNote.
\par 
\par Enable Rich Edit version 3.0 fixes
\par A change in this setting will take effect after you close and restart KeyNote or re-open the current file.
\par 
\par Old style color selection dialogs
\par 
\par Allow Auto-run macros
\par 
\par Safe print mode
\par 
\par \b Allow only one instance
\par \plain\fs20 If enabled, you will only be able to start KeyNote once. If you start KeyNote while it is already running, the already-running instance will be activated instead.
\par \pard If disabled, you will be able to run many instances of KeyNote side by side.
\par Note: If you run several instances of KeyNote, remember that you should not be editing the same file in more than one instance. KeyNote has some built-in protection against this, but it may still be unhealthy.
\par Default: YES
\par 
\par Fix scroll bars in tree-type notes
\par 
\par Do not save window settings to registry
\par 
\par \cf2 
\par \page
{\up +}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up +} BROWSE0001:0020}
{\up $}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up $} Options: Formats}
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} Options_Formats}
\pard {\up K}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up K} Options: Formats}
\b\fs32\cf1 Options: Formats
\par \plain\fs20\cf2 
\par \plain\fs20 
\par \b Date format
\par \plain\fs20 Enter the format for the Date text to be used for the "Insert date" command. The format is the same as the one used in Control Panel, Regional Settings, Long Date Format.
\par Note: You can freely experiment with this format. A sample result is displayed below the edit box.
\par Default: The default date format defined on your system.
\par 
\par \b Time format
\par \plain\fs20 Enter the format for the Time text to be used for the "Insert time" command. The format is the same as the one used in Control Panel, Regional Settings, Time Format.
\par Note: You can freely experiment with this format. A sample result is displayed below the edit box.
\par Default: The default time format defined on your system.
\par \pard 
\par Default to current text font
\par Close dialog box on insert
\par 
\par 
\par \page
{\up +}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up +} BROWSE0001:0021}
{\up $}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up $} Options: Clipboard capture}
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} Options_Clipboard_capture}
\pard {\up K}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up K} Options: Clipboard capture}
\b\fs32\cf1 Options: Clipboard capture
\par \plain\fs20\cf2 
\par \plain\fs20 
\par Divider string placed before captured text:
\par Ignore when Keynote is active
\par Paste as plain text
\par Limit size of captured text to:
\par Play sound on capture (clip.wav)
\par Remember Capture note across program sessions
\par 
\par 
\par \page
{\up +}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up +} BROWSE0001:0022}
{\up $}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up $} Options: File types}
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} Options_File_types}
\pard {\up K}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up K} Options: File types}
\b\fs32\cf1 Options: File types
\par \plain\fs20\cf2 
\par \plain\fs20 
\par Text file extensions 
\par Add...
\par Delete
\par Reset
\par 
\par \page
{\up +}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up +} BROWSE0001:0023}
{\up $}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up $} KeyNote File properties}
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} KeyNote_File_properties}
\pard {\up K}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up K} configuration;file properties;KeyNote files;options}
\b\fs32\cf1 KeyNote File properties
\par \plain\fs20\cf2 
\par \plain\b\fs20 FILE PROPERTIES\plain\fs20  is a small group of settings related to the whole .KNT file, rather than particular notes inside it. For example, you can specify the format in which the file should be saved, choose whether the file should be encrypted (and specify the access passphrase requireed to open the file), add a description which will make it easier to identify the file, etc.
\par 
\par To change FILE PROPERTIES for the currently open file, press Alt+Enter, or select the "Properties" command from the "File" menu.
\par 
\par The dialog box contains four tab sheets (of which only three are visible if your KeyNote file is not encrypted). Click the links below for details about settings available on each tab.
\par 
\par \uldb \cf4 Information tab\plain\fs20\cf4 {\v File_properties_Information}\plain\fs20 
\par \uldb \cf4 Settings tab\plain\fs20\cf4 {\v File_properties_Settings}\plain\fs20 
\par \uldb \cf4 File icons tab\plain\fs20\cf4 {\v File_properties_File_icons}\plain\fs20 
\par \uldb \cf4 Security tab\plain\fs20\cf4 {\v File_properties_Security}\plain\fs20 
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par \page
{\up +}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up +} BROWSE0001:0024}
{\up $}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up $} File properties: Information}
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} File_properties_Information}
\pard {\up K}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up K} File properties: Information}
\b\fs32\cf1 File properties: Information
\par \plain\fs20\cf2 
\par \plain\fs20 On this tab you can view or change general information about the current KeyNote file.
\par 
\par \b Filename:\plain\fs20  Displays the full name of the currently open file. This information is for display only. To change the name of the file, close the File properties dialog box, then select the "Save As..." command from the "File" menu, and save the file with a new name.
\par 
\par \b Description:\plain\fs20  This is a short description text that will make it easier for you to identify the file. This text is displayed in the \uldb \cf4 File manager \plain\fs20\cf4 {\v File_manager}\plain\fs20 dialog box.
\par \pard 
\par \b Comment:\plain\fs20  Just like the Description field, the Comment field provides additional space for describing the file.  This text is also displayed in the \uldb \cf4 File manager \plain\fs20\cf4 {\v File_manager}\plain\fs20 dialog box.
\par 
\par NOTE: When you \uldb \cf4 encrypt\plain\fs20\cf4 {\v File_properties_Security}\plain\fs20  the file, both the Description and the Comment fields \b are not encrypted\plain\fs20 , and are still displayed in the File manager dialog box.
\par 
\par \b Format:\plain\fs20  This drop-down list allows you to choose the format in which the KeyNote file should be saved:
\par \pard\li195\fi-195 \f3\fs18 \'b7\tab \f1\fs20 KeyNote native: 
\par \pard default, basic format
\par \pard\li195\fi-195 \f3\fs18 \'b7\tab \f1\fs20 KeyNote encrypted: 
\par \pard choose this format if you want to encrypt the file, and then click the \uldb \cf4 Security\plain\fs20\cf4 {\v File_properties_Security}\plain\fs20  tab.
\par \pard\li195\fi-195 \f3\fs18 \'b7\tab \f1\fs20 Dart Notes: 
\par \pard this format is provided for compatibility with the Dart Notes program. Choose this format if you want to save the file in a format which can be read by the Dart Notes program. Note that if your file contains tree-type notes, it cannot be saved in Dart Notes format.
\par 
\par Below, more information is displayed about the currently open file, including the date the file was created, the size of the file and the number of notes which the file contains.
\par 
\par \b System button:\plain\fs20  Click this button to open the standard Windows "File properties" dialog box. This is the same dialog box that is displayed when you right-click a file in Windows Explorer and select the "Properties" command from the menu.
\par \page
{\up +}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up +} BROWSE0001:0025}
{\up $}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up $} File properties: Settings}
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} File_properties_Settings}
\pard {\up K}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up K} File properties: Settings}
\b\fs32\cf1 File properties: Settings
\par \plain\fs20\cf2 
\par \plain\fs20 On this tab you can view or change settings for the current KeyNote file.
\par 
\par \b Open this file in Read-Only Mode:\plain\fs20  If this option is enabled, the next time you open the file in KeyNote, the file will be opened as Read-Only. You will still be able to modify the file, but you will not be able to save it. In order to save the file, you will have to use the "Save As..." command under the "Tools" menu.
\par 
\par \page
{\up +}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up +} BROWSE0001:0026}
{\up $}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up $} File properties: File icons}
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} File_properties_File_icons}
\pard {\up K}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up K} File properties: File icons}
\b\fs32\cf1 File properties: File icons
\par \plain\fs20\cf2 
\par \plain\fs20 On this tab you can view or change icons used for current KeyNote file.
\par 
\par \b Show icon images on tabs:\plain\fs20  If this option is enabled, icons will be displayed on the tabs next to the name of each note. If this option is disabled, icons will not be displayed on tabs. Use this command to permanently enable or disable tab icons for the current file. 
\par 
\par TIP: To quickly show or hide tab icons while working with KeyNote, press F9 or select the "Show icons on tabs" command from the "View" menu. This command will be disabled (inactive) if the "Show icon images on tabs" option on the "File icons" tab is disabled.
\par \pard 
\par \b Default:\plain\fs20  Default icons will be used. This means that the file will use the same set of tab icons as all other files. You can customize these icons in Options dialog box, \uldb \cf4 "Tab icons" page\plain\fs20\cf4 {\v Options_Tab_icons}\plain\fs20 .
\par \b Built-in:\plain\fs20  Only the built-in icons will be used for this file. You cannot customize the built-in set of icons. If you share your file with others, this setting allows you to make sure that everyone will see the same icons, even if they have customized the default tab icons.
\par \pard \b Other:\plain\fs20  Allows you to select a specific .ICN (icon storage) file, which contains the set of custom icons you want to use for this KeyNote file. If you choose this option, you will have to specify the name of the custom .ICN file in the edit field below.
\par 
\par \b Use custom tray icon for this file:\plain\fs20  This setting allows you to specify that KeyNote should display a custom icon in the system tray area when the current KeyNote file is open. This allows you to quickly identify which file is currently open in KeyNote, just by looking at the tray icon. If you choose this option, you will have to specify the name of the custom icon (.ICO file) in the edit field below.
\par \page
{\up +}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up +} BROWSE0001:0027}
{\up $}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up $} File properties: Security}
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} File_properties_Security}
\pard {\up K}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up K} File properties: Security}
\b\fs32\cf1 File properties: Security
\par \plain\fs20\cf2 
\par \plain\fs20 On this tab you can specify security settings for the current KeyNote file.
\par 
\par Note: The "Security" tab is only visible if you have selected "KeyNote encrypted" in the "Format" drop-down list on the \uldb \cf4 "Information" tab\plain\fs20\cf4 {\v File_properties_Information}\plain\fs20 .
\par 
\par Initially, a KeyNote file is not encrypted. When you select the "KeyNote encrypted" option as the format in which the file should be saved. the "Security" tab becomes visible, so that you can specify the access passphrase which will be used to encrypt and decrypt the file.
\par \pard 
\par Each time you specify the access passphrase, you must type it twice: in the "Passphrase" and in the "Confirm pass." fields.
\par 
\par In the "Algorithm" field you can select the cryptographic method used to encrypt the file.
\par 
\par Once your file has been encrypted, you can change the passphrase at any time. To do so, click the "Set passphrase" button, and enter the passphrase as described above.
\par 
\par If you no longer want to have the file encrypted, click the "Information" tab and choose a different (unencrypted) file format. The default format is "KeyNote native".
\par \pard 
\par \b\cf3 Important:\plain\fs20  \uldb \cf4 Click here to learn more about encrypting KeyNote files\plain\fs20\cf4 {\v Encrypting_KeyNote_files}\plain\fs20 .\page
{\up +}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up +} BROWSE0001:0028}
{\up $}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up $} Note properties and defaults}
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} Note_properties_and_defaults}
\pard {\up K}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up K} configuration;default settings;note defaults;note properties;options;settings}
\b\fs32\cf1 Note properties and defaults
\par \plain\fs20 
\par \b NOTE PROPERTIES\plain\fs20  are settings that apply to particular notes, so that each note within a single file can have its own, separate set of properties. These are, for example, the name of the note and the icon displayed next to the name, the background color of the editor, the "Word Wrap" option, or the layout of a tree-type note (whether the tree should be shown to the left of the editor, or above it).
\par 
\par These note-specific properties can be set in two different ways: you can change the properties for each individual note, but you can also set DEFAULT PROPERTIES for all the new notes that you will later create. For example, you can specify that each new note should have white background by default - but you can also change the background color of any individual note to yellow.
\par 
\par \b a) To change properties for an INDIVIDUAL NOTE, press F4, or select the "Note properties" command from the "Note" menu. \plain\fs20 Alternatively, you can also right-click the note and select the "Note properties" command from the context menu. Changes will only affect the note which is currently active.
\par \pard 
\par \b b) To change DEFAULT PROPERTIES for all NEWLY CREATED NOTES, press F6, or select the "Default settings" command from the "Tools" menu.\plain\fs20  Changes will only affect notes tat you will later create; existing notes will NOT be affected.
\par 
\par Note that properties for the active note and default properties for new notes are edited in the same exact dialog box - because these are the same properties. The title bar of the dialog box indicates whether you are editing active note properties, or defaults for notes that you will later create.
\par 
\par The dialog box contains between one and three tab sheets (depending on the type of note and on whether you are editing active note properties or default properties for new notes). Click the links below for details about settings available on each tab.
\par \pard 
\par \uldb \cf4 Note settings tab\plain\fs20\cf4 {\v Note_properties_Note_settings}\plain\fs20 
\par \uldb \cf4 Tree settings tab\plain\fs20\cf4 {\v Note_properties_Tree_settings}\plain\fs20 
\par \uldb \cf4 Advanced tab\plain\fs20\cf4 {\v Note_properties_Advanced}\plain\fs20 
\par 
\par \page
{\up +}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up +} BROWSE0001:0029}
{\up $}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up $} Note properties: Note settings}
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} Note_properties_Note_settings}
\pard {\up K}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up K} Note properties: Note settings}
\b\fs32\cf1 Note properties: Note settings
\par \plain\fs20\cf2 
\par \plain\fs20 On this tab sheet you can specify note- and editor-related settings for:
\par \b 1. Active note,\plain\fs20  if you have opened the dialog box by pressing F4 or using the "Note properties" command, or
\par \b 2. All notes that you will later create\plain\fs20  in this or any other KeyNote file, if you have opened this dialog box by pressing F6 or using the "Default settings" command.
\par 
\par \b Note name
\par \plain\fs20 for active note: enter a new name to rename the active note
\par as default: enter name that will be used as default for newly created notes
\par 
\par \b Note icon
\par \plain\fs20 for active note: choose the icon that you want to be shown on the tab, next to the note name
\par \pard as default: choose icon that will be preselected as default for newly created notes
\par 
\par \b Detect and highlight URLs in editor
\par \plain\fs20 for active note: specifies whether hyperlinks (URls) should be highllighted and "clickable" in the editor. Note a change in this setting will take effect after you have reopened the current file.
\par as default: preselects the option for all newly created notes.
\par 
\par \b Wrap long lines
\par \plain\fs20 for active note: toggles wrapping lines that are too long to fit in the width of the editor panel. This is equivalent to selecting the "Word wrap" command in the "Format" menu.
\par \pard as default: preselects the option for all newly created notes.
\par 
\par \b Use Tab character
\par \plain\fs20 for active note: specifies whether KeyNote inserts a Tab character or a number of spaces when you press the TAB key. If you disable this option, KeyNote will insert the number of spaces specified in the "Tab size" field.
\par as default: preselects the option for all newly created notes.
\par 
\par \b Tab size
\par \plain\fs20 for active note: If the "Use Tab character" option is disabled, specifies the number of spaces KeyNote will insert when you press the TAB key. The default value is 4 spaces.
\par as default: preselects the option for all newly created notes.
\par 
\par \b Font button
\par \plain\fs20 for active note: selects initial font style for active note. \cf1 Does not affect already existing text!\plain\fs20 
\par \pard as default: selects initial font style for all newly created notes.
\par 
\par \b BG Color button
\par \plain\fs20 for active note: changes the background color for the active note.
\par as default: selects initial background color for all newly created notes.
\par 
\par \b Reset button
\par \plain\fs20 for active note: resets initial font style and background color for the active note. \cf1 Does not affect already existing text!\plain\fs20 
\par as default: resets initial font style and background color for all newly created notes.
\par 
\par See also: \uldb \cf4 Information about default and initial font styles for notes\plain\fs20\cf4 {\v About_initial_fonts_and_colors_in_KeyNote}\plain\fs20 
\par \pard 
\par 
\par 
\par \page
{\up +}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up +} BROWSE0001:002a}
{\up $}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up $} Note properties: Tree settings}
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} Note_properties_Tree_settings}
\pard {\up K}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up K} Note properties: Tree settings}
\b\fs32\cf1 Note properties: Tree settings
\par \plain\fs20\cf2 
\par \plain\fs20 On this tab sheet you can specify tree-related settings for:
\par \b 1. Active note,\plain\fs20  if you have opened the dialog box by pressing F4 or using the "Note properties" command, and if the active note is a tree-type note, or
\par \b 2. All tree-type notes that you will later create\plain\fs20  in this or any other KeyNote file, if you have opened this dialog box by pressing F6 or using the "Default settings" command.
\par 
\par When editing properties for an active note which is a "simple editor" note, this tab sheet will not be visible.
\par 
\par \b Default name for new tree nodes\plain\fs20 
\par for active note: specifies the default name for all new tree nodes you will add to the tree in active note
\par \pard as default: specifies default name for all new tree nodes you will add to trees in all newly created notes
\par 
\par \b TIP:\plain\fs20  The string can contain special "tokens" which KeyNote will automatically replace with values. This allows you to partly automate the naming of nodes. For instance, current date or time can be automatically added as part of the node name when creating the node. Click the [?] button to display a dialog box listing available tokens and their meanings.
\par 
\par \b Add sequential number to names of new nodes\plain\fs20 
\par \pard for active note: if enabled, whenever yu add a new node to the tree in active note, the number of the node will be appended to its name. For instance, if the tree already has 5 nodes, the next node you create will be automatically named "New node 6" (assuming that you specified "New node" in the "Default name for new tree nodes" field, above.)
\par as default: preselects the option for trees in all newly created notes.
\par 
\par \b Show node-level icons in tree\plain\fs20 
\par for active note: displays or hides node icons in the active note tree
\par as default: preselects the option for trees in all newly created notes.
\par 
\par \b TIP:\plain\fs20  You can quickly show or hide tree icons by selecting the "Show icons in tree" command from the "View" menu.
\par \pard 
\par \b Vertical layout\plain\fs20 
\par for active note: specifies the layout for active note. If the option is enabled, the tree will be shown above the editor. If the option is disabled, the tree will be shown to the left of the editor (horizontal layout). By default, this option is disabled.
\par as default: preselects the option for all newly created tree-type notes.
\par 
\par \b Font button
\par \plain\fs20 for active note: selects font style for the tree in active note
\par as default: selects initial font style for trees in all newly created tree-type notes
\par \pard 
\par \b BG Color button
\par \plain\fs20 for active note: selects background color for the tree in active note
\par as default: selects background color for trees in all newly created tree-type notes
\par 
\par \b Reset button
\par \plain\fs20 for active note: resets font style and background color for the tree in the active note.
\par as default: resets font style and background color for trees in all newly created notes.
\par 
\par \page
{\up +}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up +} BROWSE0001:002b}
{\up $}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up $} Note properties: Advanced}
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} Note_properties_Advanced}
\pard {\up K}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up K} Note properties: Tree settings}
\b\fs32\cf1 Note properties: Advanced
\par \plain\fs20\cf2 
\par This tab sheet is only visible if you have opened the dialog box by pressing F6 or selecting the "Default settings" command under the "Tools" menu.
\par 
\par \plain\fs20 When editing DEFAULT SETTINGS  for new notes, you can choose to apply these settings not to all notes that you will later create (the normal behavior), but \b to all notes that you will add TO THE CURRENT FILE ONLY\plain\fs20 . That way you can have different default settings for each individual file. Example: you may normally want all new notes to have white background by default, but for one special file you may want to have new notes created with black background instead. To save note properties as defaults for current file only, click the "Advanced" tab, and make sure the "Save as default for <filename>" option is selected.
\par \page
{\up +}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up +} BROWSE0001:002c}
{\up $}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up $} About initial fonts and colors in KeyNote}
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} About_initial_fonts_and_colors_in_KeyNote}
\pard {\up K}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up K} background color: default;font style: default;initial font style;specifying fonts and colors for notes}
\b\fs32\cf1 About initial fonts and colors in KeyNote
\par \plain\fs20\cf2 
\par \plain\b\fs20 Initial note font versus actual font styles in a note.\plain\fs20 
\par 
\par The \uldb \cf4 Note properties\plain\fs20\cf4 {\v Note_properties_and_defaults}\plain\fs20  dialog box (F4) cannot be used to change the FONT of the current note. The reason for this is quite simple. In a plain-text editor you have only one font (name, size, style, color) for the whole text. But KeyNote is a "rich text" editor, where you may have lots of different font styles within a single piece of text. But the Note properties dialog box allows you to specify only one font, so this one font would have to be applied to the whole note - which is certainly not what users would expect (all text formatting in the note would revert to the font chosen in Note properties dialog box). So what's the Font button for? Well, it does have a function: it allows you to choose the INITIAL font for the note - the font which is used when you click the "Clear font attributes" command (Ctrl+0). This will normally be the same font you selected in "Tools|Default settings". 
\par \pard 
\par \b Background color and TREE-type notes. 
\par 
\par \plain\fs20 Because you CAN use a different background color for each node in the tree, the dialog box cannot just blindly reset the background color for all nodes. Let's say you have one node in the tree which uses white text on black background, and another which has the normal black text on white background. If you press F4 while in that latter node, the dialog box will display white background. But if that color was assigned to all tree nodes after you click OK, the other note in the tree would now have white font on white background. There really is no good solution to this, except that the BG color will only be used as the DEFAULT COLOR for NEW nodes that you will later add to the tree (but this depends on whether or not you have selected "Inherit background color from active node" in the Options dialog box, \uldb \cf4 "Tree panel" tab\plain\fs20\cf4 {\v Options_Tree_panel}\plain\fs20 , and yes, I realize this can be confusing.)
\par \pard 
\par If you DO want to change the background color for ALL NODES in a tree, this is still possible. As described in the "keyboard.txt" file, hold down the SHIFT key while you click the "Format|Background color" command in the menu. KeyNote will then warn you that the new color will be applied to all tree nodes, and you can confirm or cancel.
\par 
\par \page
{\up +}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up +} BROWSE0001:002d}
{\up $}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up $} KeyNote menus}
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} KeyNote_menus}
\pard {\up K}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up K} commands;features;KeyNote menus;menus}
\b\fs32\cf1 KeyNote menus
\par \plain\fs20\cf2 
\par \plain\fs20 The secions below describe each command available through the \b main menu\plain\fs20  in KeyNote. Click the links for more information.
\par 
\par \b TIP:\plain\fs20  A great number of KeyNote menu commands have keyboard shortcuts which invoke these commands. The shortcuts are displayed next to the command names. \uldb \cf4 Click here for a complete list of keyboard shortcuts in KeyNote\plain\fs20\cf4 {\v Keyboard_Reference}\plain\fs20 .
\par 
\par \uldb \cf4 File menu\plain\fs20\cf4 {\v KeyNote_menus_File}\plain\fs20 
\par \uldb \cf4 Edit menu\plain\fs20\cf4 {\v KeyNote_menus_Edit}\plain\fs20 
\par \uldb \cf4 View menu\plain\fs20\cf4 {\v KeyNote_menus_View}\plain\fs20 
\par \uldb \cf4 Insert menu\plain\fs20\cf4 {\v KeyNote_menus_Insert}\plain\fs20 
\par \pard \uldb \cf4 Format menu\plain\fs20\cf4 {\v KeyNote_menus_Format}\plain\fs20 
\par \uldb \cf4 Note menu\plain\fs20\cf4 {\v KeyNote_menus_Note}\plain\fs20 
\par \uldb \cf4 Tree menu\plain\fs20\cf4 {\v KeyNote_menus_Tree}\plain\fs20 
\par \uldb \cf4 Search menu\plain\fs20\cf4 {\v KeyNote_menus_Search}\plain\fs20 
\par \uldb \cf4 Tools menu\plain\fs20\cf4 {\v KeyNote_menus_Tools}\plain\fs20 
\par \uldb \cf4 Help menu\plain\fs20\cf4 {\v KeyNote_menus_Help}\plain\fs20 
\par 
\par \b TIP:\plain\fs20  Many areas of the main KeyNote window contain additional context menus. They are often easier to use and quicker to access than the main menu. To open a \b context menu\plain\fs20 , click the right mouse button. For instance, you can right-click the editor area, the tree panel and the note tabs to open context menus associated with them.
\par \pard 
\par \page
{\up +}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up +} BROWSE0001:002e}
{\up $}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up $} KeyNote menus: File}
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} KeyNote_menus_File}
\pard {\up K}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up K} File menu;KeyNote menus: File}
\b\fs32\cf1 KeyNote menus: File
\par \plain\fs20\cf2 
\par \plain\b\fs20 New 
\par \plain\fs20 Creates a new KeyNote file. If the \uldb \cf4 Auto-Save option\plain\fs20\cf4 {\v Options_KeyNote_Files}\plain\fs20  is enabled, KeyNote prompts you to give the new file a name and save it. Note that the Auto Save option cannot work until you have saved the new KeyNote file for the first time.
\par 
\par \b Open
\par \plain\fs20 Opens a KeyNote file on your disk. 
\par 
\par \b \tab TIP:\plain\fs20  There are several ways to open a file in KeyNote. You can select a recently used file from the "Recent files" menu (see below), you can drag a KeyNote file from Windows Explorer and drop it onto any area of the main KeyNote window (excluding the editor), or you open a file via the "File Manager" dialog box (see below).
\par \pard 
\par \tab \b TIP:\plain\fs20  KeyNote can open and save files with the .KNT, .KNE and .N_TEXT extensions. Files of other types can be \uldb \cf4 imported\plain\fs20\cf4 {\v Importing_files_as_notes}\plain\fs20 .
\par 
\par \tab \b TIP:\plain\fs20  Occasionally, KeyNote may open your file in Read-Only mode. For instance, files on CD-ROM drives cannot be modified, so they will be opened as Read-Only. The Options dialog box allows you to configure which other files \uldb \cf4 should be open in Read-Only mode\plain\fs20\cf4 {\v Options_File_Options}\plain\fs20 . When a file has been open in Read-Only mode, you can still modify it, but you will not be allowed to save it unless you change the name and/or location of the file.
\par \pard 
\par \b Save
\par \plain\fs20 Saves the current KeyNote file to disk.
\par 
\par \b Save As...
\par \plain\fs20 Saves the current KeyNote file to disk with a new name. You can change the name of the file, and its location (drive and/or directory).
\par 
\par \b Close
\par \plain\fs20 Closes the current KeyNote file. Note that most KeyNote commands and tools are not available when no file is open.
\par 
\par \b Recent Files
\par \plain\fs20 Displays a submenu (optionally) listing the names of files you have recently opened or saved in KeyNote. This is a very quick way to open a recently used file. The Options dialog box allows you to configure several \uldb \cf4 settings related to the Recent Files menu\plain\fs20\cf4 {\v Options_File_Options}\plain\fs20 .
\par \pard 
\par \b Auto Save
\par \plain\fs20 Toggles the Auto Save option. When the option is enabled, KeyNote will save your file automatically. When the option is disabled, KeyNote will prompt to save the changes when necessary. The Options dialog box allows you to configure several \uldb \cf4 settings related to the Auto Save option\plain\fs20\cf4 {\v Options_KeyNote_Files}\plain\fs20 .
\par 
\par \b Properties
\par \plain\fs20 Displays the \uldb \cf4 File properties dialog box\plain\fs20\cf4 {\v KeyNote_File_properties}\plain\fs20 . Among other functions, this dialog box allows you to securely \uldb \cf4 encrypt your KeyNote file\plain\fs20\cf4 {\v File_properties_Security}\plain\fs20 , to protect it against unauthorized access.
\par \pard 
\par \b File Manager
\par \plain\fs20 Displays the \uldb \cf4 File Manager dialog box\plain\fs20\cf4 {\v File_manager}\plain\fs20 , which allows you to quickly open one of the files you have used in KeyNote previously. The File Manager dialog box also displays descriptions and comments associated with your KeyNote files, so that you can easily identify them.
\par 
\par \b Page Setup\plain\fs20 
\par Displays the standard Windows "Page Setup" dialog box, which allows you to configure certain aspects of how your notes will be printed. Note that the settings made in the Page Setup dialog box are ignored if you enable the \uldb \cf4 "Safe print" option\plain\fs20\cf4 {\v Options_Advanced}\plain\fs20 .
\par \pard 
\par \b Copy To...
\par \plain\fs20 Opens the standard Windows "Navigate to folder" dialog box, which allows you to select a folder (directory) to which you want to copy the currently open file. This is a quick way to make a backup copy of the file, e.g. on diskette. The dialog box will remember the last folder you chose, and automatically open with that folder preselected.
\par 
\par \b Exit
\par \plain\fs20 Closes the program.
\par \page
{\up +}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up +} BROWSE0001:002f}
{\up $}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up $} KeyNote menus: Edit}
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} KeyNote_menus_Edit}
\pard {\up K}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up K} Edit menu;KeyNote menus: Edit}
\b\fs32\cf1 KeyNote menus: Edit
\par \plain\fs20\cf2 
\par \plain\b\fs20 Undo
\par \plain\fs20 Undoes (cancels) the most recent editing operation you performed. The Options dialog box allows you to specify the \uldb \cf4 "Undo level"\plain\fs20\cf4 {\v Options_Rich_Text_editor}\plain\fs20 , i.e. the number of editing operations that can be undone. Note that you will not be able to undo operations after a file has been saved.
\par 
\par \b Redo
\par \plain\fs20 Reverses the last Undo command.
\par 
\par \b Repeat Last
\par \plain\fs20 Repeats the last editing command. Next to the menu command, KeyNote displays the command which will be repeated, e.g. "Repeat Bold", "Repeat Paragraph" or "Repeat Paste". This is especially useful when the command you want to repeat is buried deeper in the menu structure. You can also press Ctrl+/ to repeat the last editing command.
\par \pard 
\par \b Cut
\par \plain\fs20 Cuts selected text and places it on the Clipboard.
\par 
\par \b Copy
\par \plain\fs20 Copies selected text and places it on the Clipboard.
\par 
\par \b Paste
\par \plain\fs20 Pastes data from clipboard. Note that you can not only paste text, but also other data formats which the Windows Clipboard can contain, e.g. pictures.
\par 
\par \b Paste Other
\par \plain\fs20 Displays a submenu with the following commands:
\par \pard\li195\fi-195 \f3\b\fs18 \'b7\tab \f1\fs20 As Text \plain\fs20 Pastes text from clipboard as plain text (without any formatting)
\par \f3\b\fs18 \'b7\tab \f1\fs20 Special... \plain\fs20 Displays the Windows standard "Paste special" dialog box, which allows you to select the format which should be used to paste clipboard data.
\par \f3\b\fs18 \'b7\tab \f1\fs20 Into New Note \plain\fs20 Creates a new standard note and pastes clipboard data into it.
\par \pard 
\par \b Delete
\par \plain\fs20 Deletes selected text
\par 
\par \b Lines\plain\fs20 
\par Displays a submenu with the following commands:
\par Delete Line 
\par Sort Lines
\par Join Lines
\par 
\par \b White Space
\par \plain\fs20 Displays a submenu with the following commands:
\par Trim Left
\par Trim Right
\par Trim Both
\par Compress
\par 
\par \b Change Case
\par \plain\fs20 Displays a submenu with the following commands:
\par To UPPERCASE
\par To lowercase
\par To Mixed Case
\par Invert Case
\par 
\par \b Transform
\par \plain\fs20 Displays a submenu with the following commands:
\par Apply Rot-13
\par Reverse Text
\par 
\par \b Expression
\par \plain\fs20 Displays a submenu with the following commands:
\par Evaluate
\par Paste Last Result
\par 
\par \b Copy All
\par \plain\fs20 Selects all text in active note and copies it to clipboard.
\par 
\par \b Select All
\par \plain\fs20 Selects all text in active note.
\par 
\par \page
{\up +}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up +} BROWSE0001:0030}
{\up $}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up $} KeyNote menus: View}
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} KeyNote_menus_View}
\pard {\up K}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up K} KeyNote menus: View;View menu}
\b\fs32\cf1 KeyNote menus: View
\par \plain\fs20\cf2 
\par \plain\b\fs20 Always on Top
\par \plain\fs20 Toggles the "Always on top" option. WHen the option is enabled, KeyNote's main window will stay on top, ie.. will not be covered by any other window.
\par 
\par \b Toolbars
\par \plain\fs20 Displays a submenu of commands which allow you to selectively turn ON or OFF the KeyNote toolbars:
\par \pard\li195\fi-195 \f3\fs18 \'b7\tab \f1\fs20 Show Main Toolbar
\par \f3\fs18 \'b7\tab \f1\fs20 Show Format Toolbar
\par \f3\fs18 \'b7\tab \f1\fs20 Show Style Toolbar
\par \f3\fs18 \'b7\tab \f1\fs20 Show Tree Toolbar
\par \f3\fs18 \'b7\tab \f1\fs20 Show Macro Toolbar
\par \f3\fs18 \'b7\tab \f1\fs20 Show All
\par \f3\fs18 \'b7\tab \f1\fs20 Hide All
\par \pard 
\par \b TIP:\plain\fs20  KeyNote toolbars can be dragged and docked in various positions (on top, on the bottom, and against the left edge). The can also be dragged to any other position and "float" there. When a toolbar is floating, it can be closed. You can also double-click a floating toolbar to dock it automatically (without having to drag it into position). The next time you start KeyNote, all toolbars will remember and restore their state, size and position
\par 
\par \b Show Icons on Tabs
\par \pard \plain\fs20 Shows or hides icons displayed on note tabs. This menu command will be unavailable (greyed out) if you have disabled showing icons for a particular file, via the \uldb \cf4 File properties dialog box\plain\fs20\cf4 {\v File_properties_File_icons}\plain\fs20 .
\par 
\par \b Show Icons in Tree
\par \plain\fs20 Shows or hides icons displayed next to the tree nodes. This menu command is available only if the active note is a tree-type note.
\par 
\par \b Formatting Information
\par \plain\fs20 Displays a submenu of commands which allows you to choose what formatting information, if any, should be displayed in the status bar:
\par \pard\li195\fi-195 \f3\b\fs18 \'b7\tab \f1\fs20 Font:\plain\fs20  displays font style information in the status bar
\par \f3\b\fs18 \'b7\tab \f1\fs20 Paragraph:\plain\fs20  displays paragraph style information in the status bar
\par \f3\b\fs18 \'b7\tab \f1\fs20 Both:\plain\fs20  displays both font and paragraph style information in the status bar
\par \f3\b\fs18 \'b7\tab \f1\fs20 Nothing:\plain\fs20  does not display formatting information in the status bar.
\par \pard Note that the processing needed to prepare  the information for display will impact the program performance.
\par 
\par \b Alphabetize Tabs
\par \plain\fs20 Sorts all note tabs alphabetically, by name
\par 
\par \b Shift Tab
\par \plain\fs20 Displays a submenu of commands which allow you to move the active tab:
\par \pard\li195\fi-195 \f3\b\fs18 \'b7\tab \f1\fs20 Left:\plain\fs20  moves the active tab to the left
\par \f3\b\fs18 \'b7\tab \f1\fs20 Right:\plain\fs20  moves the active tab to the right
\par \pard \b TIP:\plain\fs20  You can also move note tabs by dragging them with the mouse.
\par 
\par \page
{\up +}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up +} BROWSE0001:0031}
{\up $}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up $} KeyNote menus: Insert}
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} KeyNote_menus_Insert}
\pard {\up K}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up K} Insert menu;KeyNote menus: Insert}
\b\fs32\cf1 KeyNote menus: Insert
\par \plain\fs20\cf2 
\par \plain\fs20 Current Date
\par Current Time
\par Character...
\par File Contents
\par 
\par \b KeyNote Link
\par \plain\fs20 Displays a submenu with the following commands:
\par Mark Location
\par Insert Link
\par 
\par URL
\par Link to File
\par Picture
\par Object
\par Expand Term
\par WordWeb...
\par \page
{\up +}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up +} BROWSE0001:0032}
{\up $}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up $} KeyNote menus: Format}
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} KeyNote_menus_Format}
\pard {\up K}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up K} Format menu;KeyNote menus: Format}
\b\fs32\cf1 KeyNote menus: Format
\par \plain\fs20\cf2 
\par \plain\fs20 Font...
\par Paragraph...
\par 
\par \b Font Style
\par \plain\fs20 Displays a submenu with the following commands:
\par Bold
\par Italics
\par Underline
\par Strikeout
\par Disabled
\par Superscript
\par Subscript
\par Clear attributes
\par 
\par \b Font Size
\par \plain\fs20 Displays a submenu with the following commands:
\par Increase
\par Decrease
\par 
\par \b Alignment
\par \plain\fs20 Displays a submenu with the following commands:
\par Left
\par Center
\par Right
\par 
\par \b Line Spacing
\par \plain\fs20 Displays a submenu with the following commands:
\par Single
\par One and a Half
\par Double
\par 
\par \b Paragraph Style
\par \plain\fs20 Displays a submenu with the following commands:
\par Bullets
\par First Indent
\par Left Indent
\par Right Indent
\par Space Before
\par Space After
\par Clear Attributes
\par 
\par Text Color
\par Background Color
\par 
\par \b Highlight Color
\par \plain\fs20 Displays a submenu with the following commands:
\par Apply
\par No Highlight
\par 
\par Apply Selected Style
\par \pard 
\par \b Copy Format
\par \plain\fs20 Displays a submenu with the following commands:
\par Font Attributes
\par Paragraph Attributes
\par 
\par \b Paste Format
\par \plain\fs20 Displays a submenu with the following commands:
\par Font Attributes
\par Paragraph Attributes
\par 
\par 
\par Word Wrap
\par \page
{\up +}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up +} BROWSE0001:0033}
{\up $}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up $} KeyNote menus: Note}
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} KeyNote_menus_Note}
\pard {\up K}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up K} KeyNote menus: Note;Note menu}
\b\fs32\cf1 KeyNote menus: Note
\par \plain\fs20\cf2 
\par \plain\fs20 
\par New Note...
\par 
\par Rename Note
\par 
\par Note Properties
\par 
\par Remove Note
\par 
\par Print Note...
\par 
\par Email Note...
\par 
\par Clipboard Capture
\par 
\par Read Only
\par 
\par \page
{\up +}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up +} BROWSE0001:0034}
{\up $}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up $} KeyNote menus: Tree}
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} KeyNote_menus_Tree}
\pard {\up K}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up K} KeyNote menus: Tree;Tree menu}
\b\fs32\cf1 KeyNote menus: Tree
\par \plain\fs20\cf2 
\par \plain\fs20 
\par Insert Node
\par 
\par Add Node
\par 
\par Add Child node
\par 
\par Move node
\par Displays a submenu with the following commands:
\par 
\par Delete Node
\par 
\par Delete Child nodes
\par 
\par Rename Node
\par 
\par Paste Node Name
\par Displays a submenu with the following commands:
\par From Clipboard
\par As Date
\par As Time
\par As Date and Time
\par 
\par Save to File...
\par 
\par Sort
\par Displays a submenu with the following commands:
\par Sort Child Nodes
\par Sort Full Tree
\par 
\par Expand all
\par 
\par Collapse all
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par \page
{\up +}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up +} BROWSE0001:0035}
{\up $}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up $} KeyNote menus: Search}
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} KeyNote_menus_Search}
\pard {\up K}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up K} KeyNote menus: Search;Search menu}
\b\fs32\cf1 KeyNote menus: Search
\par \plain\fs20\cf2 
\par \plain\fs20 Find...
\par 
\par Find Next
\par 
\par Replace...
\par 
\par Replace Next
\par 
\par Set Bookmark
\par 
\par Jump to Bookmark
\par 
\par Match Bracket
\par 
\par Go To Line...
\par 
\par Find Node...
\par 
\par Find Next Node
\par 
\par \page
{\up +}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up +} BROWSE0001:0036}
{\up $}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up $} KeyNote menus: Tools}
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} KeyNote_menus_Tools}
\pard {\up K}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up K} KeyNote menus: Tools;Tools menu}
\b\fs32\cf1 KeyNote menus: Tools
\par \plain\fs20\cf2 
\par \plain\fs20 Configuration Options
\par 
\par Default Settings
\par 
\par Run Macro
\par 
\par Select Macro...
\par 
\par Plugins
\par 
\par Run Last Plugin
\par 
\par Add Glossary Term
\par 
\par Edit Glossary
\par 
\par Merge Notes...
\par 
\par Export Notes...
\par 
\par Import Notes...
\par 
\par Text Statistics
\par 
\par \page
{\up +}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up +} BROWSE0001:0037}
{\up $}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up $} KeyNote menus: Help}
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} KeyNote_menus_Help}
\pard {\up K}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up K} Help menu;KeyNote menus: Help}
\b\fs32\cf1 KeyNote menus: Help
\par \plain\fs20\cf2 
\par \plain\fs20 Tip of the Day
\par 
\par Help Contents
\par 
\par General Help
\par 
\par Keyboard Reference
\par 
\par Visit Website
\par 
\par Email to Author
\par 
\par About
\par \page
{\up +}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up +} BROWSE0001:0038}
{\up $}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up $} Special Functions}
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} Special_Functions}
\pard {\up K}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up K} advanced features;special functions}
\b\fs32\cf1 Special Functions
\par \plain\fs20\cf2 
\par \plain\fs20 KeyNote offers a number of "advanced" features and functions. Click the links below to display detailed information about these features.
\par 
\par \uldb \cf4 File manager\plain\fs20\cf4 {\v File_manager}\plain\fs20 
\par \uldb \cf4 Encrypting KeyNote files\plain\fs20\cf4 {\v Encrypting_KeyNote_files}\plain\fs20 
\par \uldb \cf4 Sending keyNote files by email\plain\fs20\cf4 {\v Sending_KeyNote_files_by_Email}\plain\fs20 
\par \uldb \cf4 Creating and using styles\plain\fs20\cf4 {\v Styles}\plain\fs20 
\par \uldb \cf4 Integration with WordWeb thesaurus\plain\fs20\cf4 {\v Integration_with_WordWeb}\plain\fs20 
\par \uldb \cf4 Creating and using hyperlinks\plain\fs20\cf4 {\v Hyperlinks}\plain\fs20 
\par \uldb \cf4 Creating and using macros\plain\fs20\cf4 {\v Macros}\plain\fs20 
\par \uldb \cf4 Using plugins\plain\fs20\cf4 {\v Plugins}\plain\fs20 
\par \uldb \cf4 Word expansion glossary\plain\fs20\cf4 {\v Word_expansion_glossary}\plain\fs20 
\par \uldb \cf4 Insert character dialog box\plain\fs20\cf4 {\v Insert_character_dialog_box}\plain\fs20 
\par \uldb \cf4 Clipboard capture\plain\fs20\cf4 {\v Clipboard_capture}\plain\fs20 
\par \uldb \cf4 Expression evaluation\plain\fs20\cf4 {\v Expression_evaluation}\plain\fs20 
\par \uldb \cf4 Importing files\plain\fs20\cf4 {\v Importing_files_as_notes}\plain\fs20 
\par \uldb \cf4 Exporting files\plain\fs20\cf4 {\v Exporting_notes_to_disk_files}\plain\fs20 
\par \pard 
\par \page
{\up +}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up +} BROWSE0001:0039}
{\up $}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up $} Encrypting KeyNote files}
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} Encrypting_KeyNote_files}
\pard {\up K}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up K} cryptography;encryption;passphrase;password;security}
\b\fs32\cf1 Encrypting KeyNote files
\par \plain\fs20\cf2 
\par \b\cf3 PLEASE READ THE INFORMATION IN THIS FILE
\par BEFORE YOU START ENCRYPTING YOUR KEYNOTE FILES!
\par \plain\fs20 
\par 
\par \b WARNING: WINDOWS 95/98/NT/ME IS AN INHERENTLY INSECURE SYSTEM!
\par \plain\fs20 Any information contained inside a program may be freely "paged" (copied to a swap area on the hard disk) by the system's virtual memory manager. That information MAY REMAIN READABLE to a dedicated snooper, even after you have restarted the system. Special disk-reading utilities that allow this exist and are available for free. Currently the program makes no attempt to prevent such paging or swapping of data. This means that the information stored in the KeyNote file (*.knt), though encrypted, MAY end up somewhere on your hard disk in a clear-text (unencrypted) form.
\par \pard 
\par If you are concerned about this, there exist programs that securely WIPE unused hard disk space and/or Windows swapfile. Two of such programs, both freeware, are:
\par 
\par 1. RealDelete and Scorch by Iolo Davidson http://www.bonaventura.co.uk/realdelete (small and powerful, command-line mode)
\par 
\par 2. BCWipe by Jetico, Inc. http://www.jetico.com (Windows GUI program; also distributed as part of excellent BestCrypt disk-encryption package)
\par 
\par Please read the "Security considerations" topic for more information on issues related to encrypting KeyNote files and potential vulnerabilities.
\par \pard 
\par 
\par \b GENERAL INFORMATION\plain\fs20 
\par 
\par As of version 0.90 beta, KeyNote supports secure encryption. Each KeyNote file can be encrypted using one of the two supported algorithms (Blowfish and IDEA). This allows you to protect your sensitive data with an access passphrase. An encrypted file cannot be opened without entering the passphrase that was used to scramble it.
\par 
\par CAUTION! IF YOU FORGET YOUR PASSPHRASE, YOU WILL NOT BE ABLE TO ACCESS YOUR ENCRYPTED KEYNOTE FILE!
\par 
\par There are no backdoors, and the cipher algorithms used have no known weaknesses which would allow you - or anyone - to crack the ecnryption, even using a brute-force attack.
\par \pard 
\par Note that this is the first release of KeyNote which supports encruption. At the moment, I know of no bugs related to this feature, but this does not mean there are none. Please use the encryption feature cautiously and backup your data frequently. Please do report any problems or bugs you find.
\par 
\par 
\par \b HOW TO ENCRYPT YOUR KEYNOTE FILE
\par \plain\fs20 
\par Create a new file or open an already existing .KNT file. To encrypt the file, press Alt+Enter to open the "File Properties" dialog box (or choose "Properties" from the "File" menu).
\par \pard 
\par Click the "Format" drop-down list, and select "Keynote encrypted file" as the format which should be used to save the file. When you do this, another tab will appear in the dialog box, called "Security".
\par 
\par Click the "Security" tab. Decide what access passphrase you want to use, and enter in in the "Passphrase" edit field. Next, enter the same exact passphrase in the "Confirm pass" edit field. This is to make sure that you did not accidentally mistype the passphrase.
\par 
\par Note: the passphrase cannot be shorter than FIVE characters. However, a truly secure passphrase should be much longer (10-30 characters). Ideally, your passphrase should not contain only letters of alphabet, but also digits and punctuation characters, including space. Remember that the passphrase is case-sensitive. To open the encrypted file, you will have to enter the passphrase PRECISELY as you typed it in this dialog box.
\par \pard 
\par You may also choose which cipher algorithm to use: Blowfish or IDEA.
\par 
\par Click OK.
\par 
\par When the file is subsequently saved, it will be stored on your disk in encrypted state. When you later open this file, KeyNote will prompt you for the access passphrase. KeyNote will not be able to open an encrypted file if you do not supply the correct passphrase.
\par 
\par Note: If you close the file or exit KeyNote without saving the file, the changes made in the "File Properties" dialog box will NOT be retained (and the file will remain unencrypted). if you have the AutoSave option turned ON, KeyNote will save the changes automatically.
\par \pard 
\par 
\par \b HOW TO CHANGE ACCESS PASSPHRASE FOR AN ALREADY ENCRYPTED FILE
\par \plain\fs20 
\par Open en encrypted file and enter your passphrase when prompted. Press Alt+Enter to open the "File Properties" dialog box (or choose "Properties" from the "File" menu).
\par 
\par Click the "Security" tab.
\par 
\par Click the "Set Passphrase" button, and enter the new access passphrase in the "Passphrase" and "Confirm pass" edit fields, as described above.
\par 
\par Click OK.
\par 
\par Note: If you close the file or exit KeyNote without saving the file, the changes made in the "File Properties" dialog box will NOT be retained (and the file will remain encrypted with the original, unchanged passphrase). If you have the AutoSave option turned ON, KeyNote will save the changes automatically.
\par \pard 
\par 
\par \b HOW TO STOP ENCRYPTING YOUR KEYNOTE FILE
\par \plain\fs20 
\par Open en encrypted file and enter your passphrase when prompted. Press Alt+Enter to open the "File Properties" dialog box (or choose "Properties" from the "File" menu).
\par 
\par Click the "Format" drop-down list, and select "Keynote native file" as the format which should be used to save the file. The "Security" tab will disappear.
\par 
\par Click OK.
\par 
\par Note: If you close the file or exit KeyNote without saving the file, the changes made in the "File Properties" dialog box will NOT be retained (and the file will remain encrypted). If you have the AutoSave option turned ON, KeyNote will save the changes automatically.
\par \pard 
\par 
\par \b NOTE ABOUT the BLOWFISH and IDEA CIPHER ALGORITHMS
\par \plain\fs20 
\par KeyNote supports two encryption algorithms: te Blowfish and IDEA. These two ciphers were used in KeyNote, because their use is not restricted by patent laws (Blowfish) or because, while patented, they are free for non-commercial use (IDEA). If you use KeyNote in commercial environment, you should only use the Blowfish cipher, which is the default choice.
\par 
\par For detailed descriptions of the crypto algorithms used, see:
\par \pard BLOWFISH:\tab \uldb \f2\cf1 http://www.counterpane.com/blowfish.html\plain\f2\ul\fs20\cf1 {\v *!EF("http://www.counterpane.com/blowfish.html",`',1,`')}\plain\fs20 
\par IDEA:\tab \tab \uldb \f2\cf1 http://www.momentus.com.br/PGP/doc/idea.html\plain\f2\ul\fs20\cf1 {\v *!EF("http://www.momentus.com.br/PGP/doc/idea.html",`',1,`')}\plain\fs20 
\par 
\par 
\par \b SECURITY CONSIDERATIONS
\par \plain\fs20 
\par \pard\li195\fi-195 \f3\fs18 \'b7\tab \f1\fs20 If you have not yet read the WARNING at the top of this file, please do so now.
\par \pard 
\par \pard\li195\fi-195 \f3\fs18 \'b7\tab \f1\fs20 BACKUP files: Typically, KeyNote is configured to maintain the previously-saved version of your file as backup; these files have the ".bak" extension. One potential vulnerability related to backup files is that it is possible for the backup file to remain unencrypted, after your KeyNote file was saved in encrypted state. If you create a new KeyNote file, save it, and then decide to encrypt it, the encrypted file will be saved, and the previous version of it will be renamed with the ".bak" extension. The previous version - preserved as backup - is unencrypted. After you save your KeyNote file again, the new backup will be a copy of the already encrypted file. Note that the same applies to a situation when you change the access passphrase of the encrypted file: the first time you save the file, the backup is a copy of the file encrypted with the previously used passphrase.
\par \pard 
\par \pard\li195\fi-195 \f3\fs18 \'b7\tab \f1\fs20 If you use the "Virtual nodes" that KeyNote supports since version 0.91, please note that the actual files on disk which are linked to virtual nodes are NOT encrypted. They cannot be, because if KeyNote encrypted them, you would not be able to open those files in applications other than KeyNote, thus rendering the virtual nodes useless and potentially destroying data. A warning is displayed the first time you add a virtual node to an encrypted file or encrypt a file that has virtual nodes.
\par \pard 
\par \pard\li195\fi-195 \f3\fs18 \'b7\tab \f1\fs20 The access passphrase only protects your file when it is encrypted on disk. When KeyNote is running and has the file open, the file may be viewed or edited by anyone who can use your computer, until you close the file. In a future release of KeyNote an option may be added to close the file when the program is minimized, and automatically attempt to reopen it (prompting for passphrase) when KeyNote is restored. This feature is not yet present.
\par \pard 
\par \pard\li195\fi-195 \f3\fs18 \'b7\tab \f1\fs20 If you need more security then KeyNote offers, or if you need to securely encrypt data files created by other applications, you may consider using disk encryption software instead. Such software encrypts all files on a selected disk partition, thus securing ALL your data and programs. There are freeware disk encryptors, such as ScramDisk, and commercial solutions. Users of PGP may note that www.pgpi.com has a freeware version of PGP which includes the PGPDisk module. An additional advantage of such a solution is that you only need to remember ONE passphrase for accessing all your encrypted data - and any new software installed or any new data files placed on the encrypted disk partition are immediately protected without any additional effort on your part.
\par \pard 
\par 
\par \b MISCELLANEOUS NOTES\plain\fs20 
\par 
\par \pard\li195\fi-195 \f3\fs18 \'b7\tab \f1\fs20 KeyNote allows you to save data in the format used by a similar application, called DartNotes (see file "dart.txt"). However, since DartNotes does not support encryption, you cannot encrypt files saved in this format.
\par \pard 
\par \pard\li195\fi-195 \f3\fs18 \'b7\tab \f1\fs20 Using the File Properties dialog box, you can add an optional description and comment to each file. If the file is encrypted, the description and comment are encrypted as well. However, they will be displayed IN CLEAR-TEXT in the File Manager dialog box, which is NOT protected by a password. This may be changed in the future, but for now the description and comment strings are not secure, even if the actual file is.
\par \pard 
\par -----------------------------------------------------------
\par 
\par \b Crypto algorithms used: DCPCrypt, Delphi cryptographic component package by David Barton:
\par \uldb \plain\f2\uldb\fs20\cf1 http://www.devarchive.com/DCPcrypt.html\plain\f2\ul\fs20\cf1 {\v *!EF("http://www.devarchive.com/DCPcrypt.html",`',1,`')}\plain\fs20 
\par 
\par If you are interested in how the DCPCrypt package was used in KeyNote, you can download the cryptography-related parts of KeyNote source code from \uldb \f2\cf1 http://www.lodz.pdi.net/~eristic/free/kntsrc.zip\plain\f2\ul\fs20\cf1 {\v *!EF("http://www.lodz.pdi.net/~eristic/free/kntsrc.zip",`',1,`')}\plain\fs20 
\par \page
{\up +}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up +} BROWSE0001:003a}
{\up $}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up $} Sending KeyNote files by E-mail}
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} Sending_KeyNote_files_by_Email}
\pard {\up K}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up K} email;sending files via email}
\b\fs32\cf1 Sending KeyNote files by E-mail
\par \plain\fs20\cf2 
\par \plain\fs20 As of version 0.70, Keynote allows you to send notes via E-mail directly from the program. Click the note you want to send, then press Ctrl+Shift+E, or choose the "Email note" command from the "Note" menu.
\par 
\par The first time you do this, you will need to configure a small number of settings - excactly the kind of setting you once had to configure in the email program you use. \b Click the "SMTP server settings" tab\plain\fs20  and enter the name of the SMTP server (i.e. the server for outgoing email). You do not need to change the default setting in the "Port" box, unless your server uses a non-standard port (stabdard is 25).
\par \pard 
\par In the "From" box, enter your own email address, in the form "johndoe@example.com" (without the quotes)
\par 
\par These settings will be retained. You only have to enter them once.
\par 
\par \b Click the "Message settings" tab\plain\fs20 . First, you can choose what should be sent. You can send the currently displayed note only, all notes, or the whole Keynote file. (In the latter case, please make sure the recipient has Keynote installed, otherwise they won't be able to open the file you send them.)
\par \pard 
\par If you are sending a single note, you can choose whether to send it as plain text (in the body of the email message) or as a Rich Text Format (RTF) file (the file will be attached to the message).
\par 
\par If you choose either of the remaining options (All notes or File), the Plain text vs. RTF choice is disabled.
\par 
\par Type the recipient address in the "To" edit box. You can enter more than one address in both "To" and "Cc" edit boxes; separate addresses with commas; e.g.:
\par \tab user@example.org, jane@abc.com, john@123.net
\par \pard 
\par Type the subject in the "Subject" edit box. By default, the subject is prefilled with the name of the selected note.
\par 
\par Click the "Send" button. Information about progress and any errors that might occur is displayed above the button. Wait until the email is sent, then click the "Close" button. While the program is sending your message, you might click the "Abort" button or hit the ESC key to cancel sending.
\par 
\par \b Additional information:\plain\fs20 
\par There are two text files in the Keynote directory which you may edit to your purposes. These are plain text files and should be edited using a text editor, such as Notepad.
\par \pard 
\par The file "keymail.adr" is a very simple address book. The contents of this file are automatically loaded into the "To" and "Cc" dropdown lists. Put email addresses in this file, one address per line, without any punctuation. You can then click the down-arrow icon in the "To" and "Cc" edit boxes, to quickly select a recipient's address.
\par 
\par The file "keymail.sig" is a signature file. Its contents will be automatically appended to each email message you send from Keynote. Delete this file if you don't want to append any signature.
\par \pard 
\par \page
{\up +}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up +} BROWSE0001:003b}
{\up $}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up $} Styles}
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} Styles}
\pard {\up K}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up K} applying styles to text;creating styles;formatting text;styles}
\b\fs32\cf1 Styles
\par \plain\fs20\cf2 
\par \plain\b\fs20 GENERAL INFORMATION ABOUT STYLES
\par \plain\fs20 
\par KeyNote now supports a "Style" feature. A style is a combination of formatting properties (such as font name, size, and color) which you can define under a name that you choose, and apply to the selected text. This makes it easy to format text quickly, without going through all the individual menu options and dialog boxes.
\par 
\par KeyNote supports three types of styles, differeing in the "range" of properties they hold:
\par 
\par \b 1. Font styles:\plain\fs20  only font formatting information is included in the style; applying the style to text changes the font formatting, but does not affect existing paragraph formatting.
\par \pard 
\par \b 2. Paragraph styles:\plain\fs20  only paragraph formatting information is included in the style; applying the style to text changes the paragraph formatting, but does not affect existing font formatting.
\par 
\par \b 3. Combined styles:\plain\fs20  both font and paragraph formatting is included in the style, and aplying the style alters the font and paragraph properties of the text.
\par 
\par All font properties (including Highlight) and/or paragraph properties which you can set through the "Format" menu commands can be included as part of the style definition.
\par \pard 
\par KeyNote now comes with a sample style file (keynote.kns). You can use the styles defined there, or you can add your own.
\par 
\par 
\par \b HOW TO CREATE STYLES
\par \plain\fs20 
\par To be able to create or use styles, you must make sure that the new "Style" toolbar is visible. The toolbar contains a single drop-down box, which lists all the available styles, and a button with a drop-down menu.
\par 
\par To create a style, you must first format some text in the note to have the appearance which you want to define a style for. (There is no separate dialog box for defining style properties.) For instance, if you want to make a style which will use blue, underlined Sans Serif font, add some text to the note and format it that way using the Font dialog box. (You can later delete that piece of text.) You can also specify paragraph formatting, if you wish to include that in the style you are creating.
\par \pard 
\par Click anywhere within that piece of text. When you create a new style, KeyNote will define the style using the font and/or paragraph properties at the insertion point (caret).
\par 
\par Next, click the arrow next to the button on the Style toolbar. A menu will be displayed, including these three commands:
\par 
\par \pard\li195\fi-195 \f3\fs18 \'b7\tab \f1\fs20 Create Font Style
\par \f3\fs18 \'b7\tab \f1\fs20 Create Paragraph Style
\par \f3\fs18 \'b7\tab \f1\fs20 Create Combined Style
\par \pard 
\par Click the command appropriate for the type of style you wish to create (the three types are described above). KeyNote will prompt you for the name under which the style will be saved. Type the name, or click Cancel to abort the procedure.
\par 
\par Note: style names must be unique. If you specify a name that already exists in the style list, you will only be able to replace the old style with the new definition (i.e. redefine the existing style instead of adding a new one).
\par 
\par \pard The new style will be created and added to the Style selection drop-down box on the Style toolbar.
\par 
\par 
\par \b HOW TO APPLY STYLES TO TEXT
\par \plain\fs20 
\par Again, you must make sure that the Style toolbar is visible. Click the style you wish to use, and then click the Apply button on the Style toolbar.
\par 
\par The properties stored in the style will be applied to the selected text in the note, or to the text at the insertion point if no text is selected (just like when you click the Bold button, for instance).
\par \pard 
\par Note that when you click a style name in the drop-down box, its properties are displayed in the status bar. You can also use the "Describe" command in the button menu to display information about the style in a more convenient diaog box.
\par 
\par Note also that each style name in the drop-down box is accompanied by an icon which corresponds to the type of style (font, paragraph or combined).
\par 
\par \b TIP:\plain\fs20  To select a macro without clicking the mouse, press "Ctrl + Grey *" (the * key on the numeric keypad). You can then press ENTER to apply the selected style, or press ESC to return to the editor.
\par \pard 
\par 
\par \b OTHER STYLE COMMANDS
\par \plain\fs20 
\par Other style commands are accessible through the drop-down menu attached to the "Apply" button on the Style toolbar. There is a command to Apply the selected style, which is equivalent to pressing the Style button. There are also the three commands used to create new styles (described above).
\par 
\par Other commands are:
\par 
\par \b Describe style 
\par \plain\fs20 Displays a dialog box with detailed information about the type of the selected style and all the formatting properties it contains. (Note that color names will only be meaningful if the style color is one of the standard Windows colors.)
\par \pard 
\par \b Redefine style
\par \plain\fs20 Similar to Create, but the new style will replace the properties of the currently selected style. This is useful for modifying an already existing style: apply it to a piece of text, make modifications to the formatting, then click "Redefine". KeyNote prompts you before making the change.
\par 
\par \b Rename style
\par \plain\fs20 Allows you to change the name of the selected style. Please see the note about unique style names, above.
\par 
\par \b Delete style
\par \plain\fs20 Permanently removes the style definition. Note that there is no limit on the number of styles you can define, but with too many of them, the drop-down list may become inconvenient to navigate. You can use this command to get rid of unnecesary styles.
\par \page
{\up +}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up +} BROWSE0001:003c}
{\up $}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up $} Integration with WordWeb}
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} Integration_with_WordWeb}
\pard {\up K}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up K} dictionary;integration with WordWeb;thesaurus;WordWeb}
\b\fs32\cf1 Integration with WordWeb thesaurus
\par \plain\fs20\cf2 
\par \plain\fs20 Starting from version 0.89 A, KeyNote has a special feature which allows you to look up words in a thesaurus called \b WordWeb\plain\fs20 . The feature is accessed by clicking the "W" button on the main toolbar, or by clicking the "Look up in WordWeb" command in the right-click context menu of the RTF editor.
\par 
\par To use this feature, you will of course need to install WordWeb on your computer. WordWeb is a fantastic freeware dictionary and thesaurus (there's also a more powerful shareware version available).
\par \pard 
\par WordWeb can be downloaded from \uldb \f2\cf1 http://wordweb.co.uk/free\plain\f2\ul\fs20\cf1 {\v *!EF("http://wordweb.co.uk/free",`',1,`')}\plain\fs20  (WordWeb is distributed as freeware; there is also a more advanced commercial version.)
\par 
\par After installing WordWeb, please make sure that the file "wweb32.dll" was placed in the C:\'5cWINDOWS directory (or C:\'5cWINNT), or in some other directory which is accessible via the system path, such as C:\'5cWINDOWS\'5cSYSTEM. Otherwise KeyNote will not able to find this file and consequently to start WordWeb.
\par \pard 
\par 
\par \b USING the "LOOK UP IN WORDWEB" FUNCTION:
\par \plain\fs20 
\par Double-click the word which you wish to look up in the dictionary, then click the WordWeb button on the toolbar, or right-click the selected word and choose the "Look Up in WordWeb" from the context menu. If no text is selected when you use the command, KeyNote will prompt you for a word to look up in the thesaurus.
\par 
\par \b Keyboard shortcut: Ctrl+F11\plain\fs20 
\par 
\par In WordWeb, you can select a word in the synonym list and click the "Copy" button. This will cause WordWeb to close, and the word you copied will replace the original selected word in KeyNote's editor.
\par \pard 
\par KeyNote uses the freeware WordWeb integration component written by Mr. Antony Lewis (\uldb \f2\cf1 http://www.x-word.com/wwdev/\plain\f2\ul\fs20\cf1 {\v *!EF("http://www.x-word.com/wwdev/",`',1,`')}\plain\fs20 ).
\par \page
{\up +}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up +} BROWSE0001:003d}
{\up $}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up $} Hyperlinks}
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} Hyperlinks}
\pard {\up K}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up K} bookmarks;hyperlinks;inserting hyperlinks;URLs}
\b\fs32\cf1 Hyperlinks in KeyNote
\par \plain\fs20\cf2 
\par \b GENERAL INFORMATION ABOUT HYPERLINKS
\par \plain\fs20\cf2 
\par KeyNote supports clickable URLs (hyperlinks) in the extent that the standard RichEdit control (riched2.dll) allows. In general, the RTF editor recognizes and highlights hyperlinks which follow the standard format for internet URLs. For instance, if you type or paste the following in a note:
\par 
\par \tab http://www.example.com
\par 
\par this text will be treated as a clickable link (unless you have turned off URL recognition for the particular note using the Note Properties dialog box).
\par \pard 
\par Hyperlinks are always underlined and displayed in blue. The RichEdit control does not allow for customizing the style or color, which makes the feature somewhat less useful if you have a note with a dark background, for instance.
\par 
\par The RichEdit control recognizes and highlights standard URL schemes, e.g. http://, ftp://, mailto:, telnet: etc. It also supports the "file:///" URL, which you can use to create links to files and programs on your computer.
\par 
\par 
\par \b ACTIVATING HYPERLINKS
\par \pard \plain\fs20\cf2 
\par By default, hyperlinks are activated by a single mouse-click.
\par 
\par This may sometimes be annoying, so KeyNote introduces an option which requires pressing the Shift key while the URL is being clicked. To turn this option on, open the Options dialog box, click the "Misc" tab, and put a check in the "Require Shift key with URL click" checkbox.
\par 
\par You can also specify what action KeyNote should take when a hyperlink is clicked. In the "Misc" tab, select the action you want to use as default from the "On URL click" drop-down list.
\par \pard 
\par Note about "http://" hyperlinks:
\par 
\par Often you will want the URL to be opened in a new browser window, instead of the window that is currently open. You can specify that URLs should always be open in a new browser window by selecting the "Open in new window" option from the "On URL click" drop-down list. Regardless of this setting, URL will also be opened in a new browser window if you hold down the CTRL key while clicking the URL.
\par 
\par Note that KeyNote will not recognize URL clicks in notes for which you turned off the "Detect and highlight URLs" option in the Note Properties dialog box.
\par \pard 
\par 
\par \b INTERNET HYPERLINKS
\par \plain\fs20\cf2 
\par The easiest way to add a typical URL is to simply paste it from clipboard, or to type it in. If the editor recognizes the text as a valid URL, the text will become underlined and marked in blue as you type.
\par 
\par However, some URLs must be encoded in a special way, e.g. if they contain spaces. (See the "Limitations" section, below.) For such URLs, it is best to use the "URL" command located under the "Insert" menu. Paste or type the URL in the dialog box that will be displayed, and KeyNote will automatically encode any special characters so that the URL is recognized and displayed correctly.
\par \pard 
\par The "Insert URL" command will also try to detect when you are inserting an email address, and it will then automatically prefix the address with the "mailto:" URL scheme.
\par 
\par 
\par \b HYPERLINKS TO LOCAL FILES
\par \plain\fs20\cf2 
\par One of the standard URL schemes is "file:///". It allows you to create hyperlinks to documents or programs on your computer. For instance, if you click a link to a .xls file, the file will be opened in Excel. If you click a link to a program, the program will be executed.
\par \pard 
\par If the link points to a file that KeyNote supports (a file with the .KNT, .KNE or .N_TEXT extension), then the file will be opened in KeyNote, just as if you have used the "File|Open" command.
\par 
\par To insert a hyperlink to a file on your computer, use the "Link to file" command located under the "Insert" menu.
\par 
\par Sometimes you may see an error message displayed when you click a file:/// link. The most common is "Error code 2". This means that the file could not be found or accessed: the file probably does not exist, was renamed or moved to another place.
\par \pard 
\par IMPORTANT NOTE: Unlike other URLs, the "file:///" URL must usually contain three forward slashes, not two. This is required by the logic of the URL format: the third slash means "the path starts at the root directory". It allows for creating hyperlinks to files located on another computer on a network: the name of that computer would be placed before the third slash:
\par \tab file://computername/c:\'5cusers\'5cfiles\'5cdocument.txt
\par Normally, you will be linking to files on your own computer: in such a case, the computer name is not given (blank), but the third slash must always be present.
\par \pard 
\par 
\par \b KEYNOTE LINKS (HYPERLINKS TO OTHER NOTES)
\par \plain\fs20\cf2 
\par The last type of hyperlinking that KeyNote supports is the ability to link to other notes and tree nodes in KeyNote files. You can create hyperlinks to places in the same (current) file, or any other KeyNote file on your computer.
\par 
\par Basically, this is an extension of the "file:///" URL, so everything written in the section above applies here as well.
\par 
\par Inserting a "KeyNote link" requires two steps: marking the target, i.e. the place to which the link will jump, and then inserting the link somewhere else.
\par \pard 
\par 1. In the editor, position the caret or click the place to which you want to create a link. Clicking the link will jump here. In the "Insert" menu, click the "KeyNote link", and then click the "Mark Location" command in the submenu.
\par 
\par 2. Navigate to the place where you want the link to appear. This can be any place in any note, in the file that is currntly open or in another file. (You can close the current file and open another one.) Click the place in the editor where you want to insert the link. In the "Insert" menu, click the "KeyNote link", and then click the "Insert Link" command in the submenu.
\par \pard 
\par A KeyNote link will be inserted. Clicking this link will jump to the location which you marked in step 1. Try it!
\par 
\par In order to be able to jump to a selected place in a file, KeyNote uses a special extended syntax for such links. KeyNote creates the links automatically and you do not have to worry about the special syntax - but it looks like this:
\par 
\par a) link to a place in the current KeyNote file:
\par \ul\cf1 file:///?NoteName|NodeName|CursorPosition|SelectionLength\plain\fs20\cf2 
\par 
\par b) link to a place in another KeyNote file:
\par \pard \ul\cf1 file:///Path_to_File.KNT?NoteName|NodeName|CaretPosition|SelectionLength\plain\fs20\cf2 
\par 
\par Explanation:
\par 
\par \b file:///\tab \plain\fs20\cf2 \tab \tab standard URL scheme prefix
\par \b Path_To_File\tab \plain\fs20\cf2 \tab full path to the .KNT file to which the link points. If the link points to a location in the same file in which the link is inserted, the path is omitted.
\par \b ?\plain\fs20\cf2 \tab \tab \tab Since the question mark character cannot be present in a filename on a Windows system, it tells KeyNote that this is the special kind of link, the "KNT link".
\par \b NoteName\plain\fs20\cf2 \tab \tab The name of the note to which the link will jump
\par \pard \b NodeName\plain\fs20\cf2 \tab \tab The name of the tree node to which the link will jump, if the target note is a tree-type note. If the target note is a plain RTF note, the NodeName section is blank.
\par \b CaretPosition\plain\fs20\cf2 \tab \tab The position, in the editor, where the caret will be placed after the jump.
\par \b SelectionLength\plain\fs20\cf2 \tab The length of the text that will be selected after the jump. Normally it is 0, but if a porion of text was selected when you clicked the "Mark Location" command, the link will remember this and will restore the selection when you jump.
\par \pard 
\par The special sections of the link are separated with the '|' character.
\par 
\par The NodeName, CaretPosition and SelectionLength sections are optional and need not be present for the hyperlink to work. The following hyperlinks are all valid:
\par 
\par file:///c:\'5cMy%20Documents\'5cdiary.knt?BlueNote|Monday|30|0 
\par \tab - open the file called "diary.knt", switch to the note called "BlueNote", select the "Monday" node in the tree, and position the caret at character number 30
\par 
\par file:///?BlueNote|Monday|30|0
\par \pard \tab - in current file, switch to the note called "BlueNote", select the "Monday" node in the tree, and position the caret at character number 30
\par 
\par file:///?BlueNote|Monday|30
\par \tab - same as above
\par 
\par file:///?BlueNote
\par \tab - in current file, switch to the note called "BlueNote". (Caret will be positioned at the start of the note)
\par 
\par \b IMPORTANT: \plain\fs20\cf2 There is one significant limitation to how KeyNote links work. Notes and tree nodes are identified by their names. In the above example, the link jumps to a note called "BlueNote". KeyNote searches the file and switches to the first note with this name that it finds. This means that the link will not work well if you have more than one note (or tree node in a note) with the same name. The link will work, but it will always jump to the FIRST note (or tree node) which has the name specified in the link.
\par \pard 
\par 
\par \b LIMITATIONS
\par \plain\fs20\cf2 
\par \pard\li195\fi-195 \f3\fs18 \'b7\tab \f1\fs20 It is not possible to change the color or font style used to highlight URLs in the editor. The RichEdit control does not support this, and always shows URLs in blue underlined font.
\par \pard 
\par \pard\li195\fi-195 \f3\fs18 \'b7\tab \f1\fs20 Email addresses will only be highligted if they are inserted in the form of a full URL. For example, "wizard@oz.org" is a correctly formed email address, but it is **not** an URL, and will not be highlighted. In order to create a highlighted, clickable email address, you must prefix it with the name of the URL scheme, which is "mailto:' for email:
\par \pard   \tab mailto:wizard@oz.org
\par   This prefix is added automatically when you use the "Insert URL" command.
\par 
\par \pard\li195\fi-195 \f3\fs18 \'b7\tab \f1\fs20 You cannot add custom URL schemes.
\par \pard 
\par \pard\li195\fi-195 \f3\fs18 \'b7\tab \f1\fs20 When you turn URL highlighting on or off for a particular note, the change is honored after you reload the file. This is, again, a limitation of the RichEdit cotrol. In some cases, the URLs will not get un-highlighted even after you have turned URL highlighting off and reloaded the file. To correct this, select the URL and click Ctrl+0 to clear the special fonr formatting.
\par \pard 
\par \pard\li195\fi-195 \f3\fs18 \'b7\tab \f1\fs20 As defined by Internet standards, URLs cannot contain spaces and certain other special characters. The RichEdit control behaves correctly in this respect and does not allow spaces in URLs, either. Spaces and other special characters must be converted to hexadecimal codes, e.g. %20 for space. KeyNote does this for you automatically, but note that such a notation impairs the readability of URLs.
\par \pard 
\par \pard\li195\fi-195 \f3\fs18 \'b7\tab \f1\fs20 The "Insert URL" command does not verify the format of the URL you are inserting. In other words, you can use it to insert just about any line of text, and it will not complain. The command only formats the special characters in the text (by replacing them with numeric codes) and, if it detects an email address, prefixes the address with the "mailto:" scheme name.
\par \pard 
\par 
\par \page
{\up +}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up +} BROWSE0001:003e}
{\up $}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up $} Macros}
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} Macros}
\pard {\up K}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up K} automating KeyNote;creating macros;macros;playing macros;recording macros}
\b\fs32\cf1 Macros in KeyNote
\par \plain\fs20\cf2 
\par \b GENERAL INFORMATION ABOUT MACROS
\par \plain\fs20\cf2 
\par As of version 0.999, KeyNote supports macros. You may already know macros from other word-processing applications. A macro is a list of commands executed in a program, which is stored on disk and can be replayed. This allows you to automate certain repetitive tasks, such as typing or formatting text.
\par 
\par To use macros in KeyNote, first turn on the "Macros" toolbar, which is not displayed by default. Click the "View" menu, then click "Toolbars", and select the "Show macro toolbar" command. The toolbar is described in more detail in "The Macro toolbar" section, below.
\par \pard 
\par Macros are text files with ".KNM" extension, and they must all be located in the "macros\'5c" subdirectory, below the directory when KeyNote is installed. For example, if KeyNote is installed in
\par \f5 \tab c:\'5cProgram Files\'5cKeynote\f1 
\par then all plugins should be placed in
\par \f5 \tab c:\'5cProgram Files\'5cKeynote\'5cMacros\f1 
\par This subdirectory is automatically created by the Setup program.
\par 
\par Macros are created by "recording" commands. After you start recording a macro and give it a name, the keypresses and editing commands you issue in KeyNote are recorded until you click the "Stop" button. Then the macro is saved to disk and can be replayed, to repeat exactly the same actions you made while recording.
\par \pard 
\par NOTE: Not all KeyNote commands and functions can be recorded in a macro. Please see the "Limitations" section for details.
\par 
\par To learn about recording and replaying macros, see the sections "Creating (Recording) Macros" and "Using (Replaying) Macros".
\par 
\par 
\par \b THE "MACRO" TOOLBAR
\par \plain\fs20\cf2 
\par To use macros in KeyNote, you should turn on the "Macros" toolbar, which is not displayed by default. Click the "View" menu, then click "Toolbars", and select the "Show macro toolbar" command.
\par \pard 
\par The toolbar contains a drop-down list and several buttons.
\par 
\par The drop-down list contains all available macros. The macros are listed alphabetically by their descriptive names (rather than the filenames). The icons displayed next to the macro names indicate the type of the macro. Currently, there are two different icons for two different types of macros: "normal" and "Auto-run" macros. Please see the "Auto-run Macros" section, below, for a description of this type.
\par 
\par \b TIP:\plain\fs20\cf2  To select a macro without using the mouse, press "Ctrl+ Grey /" (the / key on the numeric keypad). You can then press ENTER to run the selected macro, or press ESC to return to the editor.
\par \pard 
\par \b TIP:\plain\fs20\cf2  When you select a macro in the list, a short description is displayed in the status bar to help you identify the macro.
\par 
\par To the right of the drop-down list, there are three buttons:
\par 
\par \b PLAY
\par \plain\fs20\cf2 Replays the macro selected in the drop-down list.
\par 
\par \b PAUSE
\par \plain\fs20\cf2 Pauses the recording. It is only available while you are recording a macro. When recording is paused, the commands you use and keys you press are not added to the macro.
\par 
\par \b RECORD
\par \plain\fs20\cf2 Click this button to create a new macro and start recording.
\par \pard 
\par The PLAY button also has a drop-down menu. Click the down-arrow next to the button to open the menu. The menu contains the following commands:
\par 
\par \b "Play macro"
\par \plain\fs20\cf2 Replays the macro selected in the drop-down list.
\par 
\par \b "Edit macro"
\par \plain\fs20\cf2 Displays a dialog box which allows you to change the name and description of the selected macro,
\par 
\par \b "Delete macro"
\par \plain\fs20\cf2 Deletes the macro selected in the drop-down list.
\par 
\par \b "User command..."
\par \plain\fs20\cf2 This command is only available while recording a macro, and it allows you to insert a special user command at any point in a macro. See the "Editing Macros; Special User Commands" section for more information.
\par \pard 
\par 
\par \b CREATING (RECORDING) MACROS
\par \plain\fs20\cf2 
\par First, make sure that the "Macros" toolbar is visible, as described in the "General Information" section.
\par 
\par 1. Click the "Record" button on the "Macros" toolbar to create a new macro.
\par 2. In the dialog box displayed, enter the name for the new macro, and (optionally) a short description.
\par 3. When you click OK, recording will begin.
\par 4. Work in KeyNote as you would normally. The keys you press and the editing commands you choose will be recorded in the macro.
\par \tab - At any point during recording the macro, you can open the drop-down menu on the "Macros" toolbar and click "User command..." to enter one of several predefined user commands to the macro.
\par \pard \tab - While recording, you may also click the "Pause" button on the "Macros" toolbar. Recording will be paused until you click the "Pause" button again. While recording is paused, you can still work in KeyNote, but the keypresses and commands will not be included in the macro.
\par 5. Click the "Stop"\tab button on the "Macros" toolbar to finish recording the macro. KeyNote will ask whether the newly created macro should be saved. Click Yes to save the macro in a ".KNM" file, or click No to discard it.
\par \pard 
\par The newly recorded macro will be added to the "Macros" toolbar. It can be replayed by clicking the "Play" button.
\par 
\par NOTE 1: Macro names must be unique. When creating a new macro, the name you enter must not be the same as the name of one of the already existing macros.
\par 
\par NOTE 2: The dialog box which allows you to enter the name and description for the new macro contains one additional option: "Abort macro when error occurs". If this option is checked, the macro will stop whenever an error condition is detected while replaying the macro.
\par \pard 
\par NOTE 3: Sometimes, while recording a macro, you will issue a command which causes a dialog box to be displayed. For instance, you can use the "Font" or "Paragraph" commands to change the font or paragraph attributes via a dialog box. When you click OK in the dialog box, a prompt will be displayed, asking you what should happen when the macro is replayed later. While replaying the macro, KeyNote can use the values you have just entered in the dialog box, or it can display the dialog box so that you can enter different values every time you replay the macro. You can also click Cancel to skip the dialog box and omit it from the macro. If you choose to have the dialog box displayed while the macro is replayed, and if, while replaying the macro, you will click Cancel in the dialog box, the macro will be aborted.
\par \pard 
\par 
\par \b USING (REPLAYING) MACROS
\par \plain\fs20\cf2 
\par 1. Playing macros by using the tolbar:
\par 
\par First, make sure that the "Macros" toolbar is visible, as described in the "General Information" section.
\par 
\par Select the macro you want to play from the drop-down list on the "Macros" toolbar. Next, click the "Play" button.
\par 
\par \b TIP:\plain\fs20\cf2  To select a macro without using the mouse, press "Ctrl+ Grey /" (the / key on the numeric keypad). You can then press ENTER to run the selected macro, or press ESC to return to the editor.
\par 
\par \b TIP:\plain\fs20\cf2  When the "Macros" toolbar is displayed, you can press Shift+F5 at any time to play the currently selected macro.
\par 
\par 2. Playing macros without using the "Macros" toolbar:
\par 
\par From the "Tools" menu, choose the "Select macro" command. A standard file-selection dialog box will be displayed. Select the file which contains the macro you want to run, then click "Open". The selected macro will be replayed.
\par \pard 
\par TIP: If you have installed a macro manually while KeyNote is running, by copying the .KNM file into KeyNote's macro directory, the list of Macros must be refreshed before KeyNote will notice the new macro. To refresh the list, hide the "Macros" toolbar and the show it again.
\par 
\par NOTE: While a macro is being replayed, you can press ESC to stop and abort the macro. You cannot pause a running macro, however.
\par 
\par 
\par \b "AUTO-RUN" MACROS
\par \plain\fs20\cf2 
\par KeyNote supports a special type of macros, called "Auto-run" macros. These macros may be automatically replayed after a new file has been created, after you have added a new note to a file, etc. In the drop-down list of macros on the toolbar, these Auto-run macros are indicated by a special double-arrow icon.
\par \pard 
\par Auto-run macros are disabled by default. To enable them, open the "Options" dialog box (press F5), click the "Advanced" tab, and check the "Allow Auto-run macros" option.
\par 
\par KeyNote recognized Auto-run macros by their filenames. The names of all auto-run macros begin with "_Auto".
\par 
\par Currently, KeyNote supports three Auto-run macros:
\par 
\par \b _AutoNewFile.knm
\par \plain\fs20\cf2 This macro is executed automatically after a new file has been created. The sample macro supplied automatically adds a single tree-type note in the newly created file. This allows you to replace KeyNote's standard behavior, whereby a new "simple RTF" not is created instead.
\par \pard 
\par \b _AutoNewNote.knm
\par \plain\fs20\cf2 This macro is executed automatically after a new "simple RTF" note has been added to the current file. The sample macro supplied inserts current date and time at the top of the new note.
\par 
\par \b _AutoNewTree.knm
\par \plain\fs20\cf2 This macro is executed automatically after a new tree-type note has been added to the current file.
\par 
\par In order to replace these sample macros with your own Auto-run macro, record a new macro, save it, and rename the .KNM file using one of the filenames above.
\par \pard 
\par 
\par \b EDITING MACROS; SPECIAL USER COMMANDS
\par \plain\fs20\cf2 
\par In general, KeyNote macros are not intended to be edited by hand. However, macros are simple text files, where each line contains a single KeyNote command, they may be edited manually in a text editor, and future versions of KeyNote will provide functions to facilitate editing macros.
\par 
\par Apart from the keypresses and commands that are recorded and stored in a macro, KeyNote supports a range of special user commands, which can be inserted in macro files. These commands complement and extend the range of editing functions that can be recorded.
\par \pard 
\par To add a user command to a macro:
\par 1. Start recording a macro normally
\par 2. At the point where you want to insert a user command, click the down arrow button on the "Macros" toolbar, and select "User command".
\par 3. A dialog box will be displayed, listing all available user commands. Select the command you need, and, if necessary, type in the argument string. The dialog box displays information about the function and xyntax of the selected command.
\par 4. Click OK to add the command to the macro.
\par \pard 
\par User commands may also be simply typed in a macro file.
\par 
\par NOTE: The range of available user commands is limited at present. If there is enough interest in such a feature, more commands may be added and their syntax may be extended.
\par 
\par \b SYNTAX
\par \plain\fs20\cf2 User commands require the following syntax:
\par @COMMAND(argument)
\par 
\par - they must begin with the '@' character
\par - they must be typed in UPPERCASE
\par - if required, they must include the argument string enclosed in parentheses.
\par 
\par Not all commands require arguments, and for some commands, the argument is optional. If an argument is optional, KeyNote will use a default setting for the given command. Otherwise, the macro will be aborted if a required argument is missing.
\par \pard 
\par \b EXAMPLES:
\par \plain\fs20\cf2 
\par To see some of these commands as they are actually used, view the source of the macros installed with KeyNote, especially the "Auto-run" macros.
\par 
\par @CONFIRM(text)
\par \tab - displays "text" in a confirmation dialog box with OK and Cancel buttons. If the user clicks the OK button, the macro will continue. If the user clicks the Cancel button, the macro will be aborted. This is very useful as a first line in a macro that should not be executed "by mistake".
\par \pard 
\par @INSERT(text)
\par \tab - inserts "text" in current note. Use "\'5cn" to mark a line break, and "\'5ct" to mark a tab.
\par 
\par @MACRO(macro filename)
\par \tab - executes the specified macro. The filename must contain the .KNM extension, but NOT the path (i.e. filename part only). After the specified macro has been executed, the current macro will continue.
\par 
\par @MESSAGE(message text)
\par \tab - displays a dialog box with the message text. Use "\'5cn" to mark a line break, and "\'5ct" to mark a tab.
\par 
\par @NEWNOTERTF
\par \pard \tab - creates a new "simple RTF" note in the current file
\par 
\par @NEWNOTETREE
\par \tab - creates a new tree-type note in the current file
\par 
\par @PLUGIN(plugin filename)
\par \tab - executes the specified plugin. The filename must contain the .KNL extension, but NOT the path (i.e. filename part only)
\par 
\par @REWIND
\par \tab - replay macro from the beignning
\par \tab WARNING: Will cause macro to run forever in an infinite loop, until user presses ESC or until an error occurs.
\par 
\par @STYLEON(bold|italic|underline|strike)
\par \pard @STYLEOFF(bold|italic|underline|strike)
\par \tab - STYLEON turns ON the specified font style.
\par \tab - STYLEOFF turns OFF the specified font style.
\par \tab The argument string may contain only 1 style, e.g.
\par \tab @STYLEON(bold)
\par 
\par @WAIT(miliseconds)
\par \tab - pauses the macro for the specified time
\par 
\par 
\par \b LIMITATIONS
\par \plain\fs20\cf2 
\par Some of the following restrictions may be lifted in future releases of KeyNote. However, I cannot promise that I will be able to do so. The tree-related commands are particularly difficult to handle from within macros, since there is no guarantee that any command that modifies the tree can be correctly executed while the macro is replayed.
\par \pard 
\par \b I. Limitations on macro names
\par \plain\fs20\cf2 
\par Macro names must be unique. No two macros can have the same name.
\par 
\par \b II. Limitations on macro commands
\par \plain\fs20\cf2 
\par Certain KeyNote commands cannot be recorded in a macro. They will be executed while recording, but they will not be stored in the macro file.
\par 
\par \b Macros CAN contain the following:
\par \plain\fs20\cf2 
\par - Keypresses in the RTF editor (*not* in the tree panel)
\par - All "Edit" and "Format" menu commands, e.g. selecting a font name, size or style, setting paragraph attributes, changing text or highlight color, clipboard operations, and many others.
\par \pard - Some "Insert" menu commands: inserting date, time, and special characters; glossary expansion
\par - Some "Search" menu commands (Find; Go to line; Match Bracket)
\par - All caret navigation commands restricted to current note.
\par - Setting and jumping to bookmarks.
\par 
\par \b Macros CANNOT contain:
\par \plain\fs20\cf2 
\par - Mouse clicks. You can only use keyboard, toolbar and the menu commands while recording a macro. (To select a word, use the Alt+W keyboard shortcut instead of double-clicking the mouse.)
\par \pard - Any tree-related commands (i.e. a macro cannot create, move, rename or detele tree nodes)
\par - Any tree or note navigation commands which cause a different tree node or a different note to be displayed (NOTE: You *can* set and jump to bookmarks.)
\par - Note management commands, such as creating, renaming, deleting, printing, mailing notes
\par - Insert menu commands (except the commands listed above), bookmark and hyperlink commands
\par - Drag and drop operations
\par - Import and export commands
\par \pard - Setting options, preferences or properties (file or note properties).
\par - File-related commands (New, Open, Save, Copy to, etc.)
\par 
\par Note that the special user commands which you can insert in a macro allow you to overcome some (not all!) of these limitations.
\par 
\par There are no flow-control or branching macro commands. There are no macro commands which take user input, except the standard editing/formatting commands, some of which display input dialog boxes.
\par 
\par \b Other limitations:
\par \pard \plain\fs20\cf2 
\par - "Find"
\par   The dialog box will NOT be displayed while replaying the macro.
\par   The command will be executed with the parameters you specified
\par   in the dialog box while recording the macro.
\par   
\par   In addition, certain Find options are disabled while recording
\par   a macro. The only available options are "Match case" and "Whole
\par   words only".
\par 
\par - "Insert special character"
\par   The dialog box will NOT be displayed while replaying the macro.
\par   The command will be executed with the parameters you specified
\par   in the dialog box while recording the macro.
\par 
\par - "Apply style"
\par   The macro will record the name of the style applied, and will apply
\par   that style when replaying (rather than applying the style which is
\par   currently selected in the Style list). This is necessary because
\par   there is no guarantee that the Style toolbar will be visible when
\par \pard   the macro is being replayed, hence there might be no style available
\par   for selection.
\par   
\par - "Replace"
\par   This command CANNOT be recorded in a macro.
\par 
\par 
\par \b III. Limitations on replaying macros
\par \plain\fs20\cf2 
\par When replaying a macro, KeyNote must be the topmost window, and the RTF editor must have focus. This is normally not a problem, since KeyNote must be active for you to activate (play) a macro. However, if you switch to another application while a macro is being replayed, the macro will PAUSE, and will resume automatically when you return to KeyNote. I'll try to remove this limitation in a later release.
\par \pard 
\par 
\par \b MACRO FILE SYNTAX
\par \plain\fs20\cf2 
\par A macro file is a plain text file with the .KNM extension.
\par 
\par The first line in the macro is a header line. This line must be present and correctly formatted, otherwise the macro will not be executed.
\par 
\par \b Header line syntax:
\par \plain\f5\fs20\cf2 ;1.0|Macro Name|Macro description|Abort on error?|Creation Date\f1 
\par 
\par Each subsequent line in the file contains a single macro command. Lines are executed in sequence.
\par 
\par Blank lines are ignored.
\par 
\par Lines beginnig with semi-colon (;) are treated as comments and ignored.
\par \pard 
\par Lines beginning with the "at" (@) character are interpreted as user commands.
\par 
\par Lines beginning with the hash (#) character are interpreted as internal commands.
\par 
\par Other lines are interpreted as keypress codes. A keypress code contains the key scan code and shift state string, separated by the vertical bar (|) character. E.g., Shift+Enter is encoded as:
\par \tab 13|S
\par Shift states are indicated by a single capital letter:
\par \tab S - Shift
\par \tab C - Control
\par \tab A - Alt
\par Shift states may be combined. E.g., Ctrl+Alt+Backspace is encoded as
\par \pard \tab 8|CA
\par \tab 
\par Any line not conforming to the above specifications will cause a macro execution error.
\par 
\par \page
{\up +}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up +} BROWSE0001:003f}
{\up $}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up $} Plugins}
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} Plugins}
\pard {\up K}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up K} automating KeyNote;plugins;using plugins}
\b\fs32\cf1 Plugins
\par \plain\fs20\cf2 
\par \plain\b\fs20 PLUGINS: GENERAL INFORMATION FOR USERS
\par \plain\fs20 
\par As of version 0.999, KeyNote supports a simple but effective plugin technology. Plugins are separate little programs which can communicate with KeyNote and extend its capabilities. For instance, a plugin could display a calendar or a to-do list, convert a note to HTML format, calculate text statistics, display a calculator or a unit converter, or run a spell-checker.
\par 
\par Plugins provide two significant advantages: they can be written by other software authors (using any compiler than can create Windows DLL files), and they add functionality to KeyNote without increasing the size of the main program. Plugins are loaded strictly on-demand and do not consume any memory or system resources when they are not active.
\par \pard 
\par Currently (June 2001) KeyNote is distributed with a small set of example plugins. As more plugins are created, they will be available for download from the main KeyNote homepage; see the "Downloading Plugins" section, below.
\par 
\par Plugins are files with ".KNL" extension, and they must all be located in the "\'5cplugins" subdirectory, below the directory where KeyNote is installed. For example, if KeyNote is installed in
\par \f5 \tab c:\'5cProgram Files\'5cKeynote\f1 
\par then all plugins should be placed in
\par \f5 \tab c:\'5cProgram Files\'5cKeynote\'5cPlugins\f1 
\par This subdirectory is automatically created by the Setup program.
\par 
\par Plugins can be downloaded from KeyNote homepage. The currently available plugins should be taken as "proof or concept" only, but they all perform functions which have occasionally been requested by KeyNote users.
\par \pard 
\par For information on how to use plugins, see "Using Plugins", below.
\par 
\par 
\par \b PLUGINS: GENERAL INFORMATION FOR DEVELOPERS
\par \plain\fs20 
\par If you are a programmer (as well as a KeyNote user), you might like to create your own plugins. Plugins are DLL files, so you should be able to create plugins with any compiler that can create DLL, not necessarily Borland Delphi. I have prepared a separate package which contains detailed documentation, examples and source code to get you started. This "Developer kit" can be downloaded from
\par \pard 
\par \uldb \f2\cf1 http://www.lodz.pdi.net/~eristic/free/kntplugins-dev.zip\plain\f2\ul\fs20\cf1 {\v *!EF("http://www.lodz.pdi.net/~eristic/free/kntplugins-dev.zip",`',1,`')}\plain\fs20 
\par 
\par If you need additional assistance beyond what's contained in the package, or if your plugin requires adding some functionality to KeyNote, please contact me at <eristic@lodz.pdi.net>.
\par 
\par Due to the limited space on my ISP account, I cannot promise that I will distribute all third-party plugins directly from my site. I will, however, be able to distribute a limited number of plugins, and I will always provide links to any useful plugins created by other developers.
\par \pard 
\par 
\par \b USING PLUGINS
\par \plain\fs20 
\par In KeyNote, there are two ways of using a plugin: by selecting it from a list of available plugins, or by activating the plugin that was used most recently.
\par 
\par 
\par \b I. To display a list of available plugins, \plain\fs20 click the "Plugins" command, located under the "Tools" menu. A dialog box wil be displayed with a list of installed plugins and some information about each of them.
\par 
\par \f5 +--------------------------+
\par | KeyNote calendar         | <<< list of installed plugins
\par | KeyNote test plugin      |
\par \pard | RTF to HTML converter    |
\par |                          |
\par |                          |
\par +~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~+ <<< splitter (drag to resize panels)
\par | This is a sample plugin  | <<< description of selected plugin
\par | for KeyNote.             |
\par |                          |
\par +--------------------------+
\par | Status OK                | <<< selected plugin status
\par +--------------------------+
\par \f1 
\par TIP: A quicker way to open the Plugins dialog box is to press the Ctrl+F12 key combination.
\par 
\par TIP: The Plugins dialog box is resizeable, and it remembers its last size and position.
\par 
\par The dialog box contains several buttons:
\par \pard 
\par \b "Execute" button
\par \plain\fs20 - closes the dialog box and runs the selected plugin
\par 
\par TIP: You can also execute a plugin by double-clicking it.
\par 
\par \b "Configure" button
\par \plain\fs20 - runs configuration procedure for the selected plugin. Typically, this will display a dialog box that allows you to specify various options for the selected plugin, but because this procedure is created by the author of the plugin, KeyNote has no knowledge of or control over what the plugin does when this button is clicked. Note that some plugins may not support any configuration procedure.
\par \pard 
\par \b "Close" button
\par \plain\fs20 - closes the dialog box without performing any action
\par 
\par NOTE: There will be a slight delay the first time you open this dialog box. This is because KeyNote needs to list all the installed plugins and ask each of them for name, description and status information before they can be displayed. Subsequent invocations of the dialog box will be faster.
\par 
\par TIP: Plugins can be added while KeyNote is running. KeyNote will not recognize this automatically, but you can force it to do so. To tell KeyNote that it needs to re-initialize the list of available plugins, hold down the SHIFT key while clicking the "Plugins" command under the "Tools" menu.
\par \pard 
\par \b II. Repeating the most recently executed plugin: \plain\fs20 Press Shift+F12 to run the plugin which has been executed most recently. If no plugin has been, the Plugins dialog box will be displayed instead.
\par 
\par 
\par \b INSTALLED SAMPLE PLUGINS
\par \plain\fs20 
\par KeyNote is distributed with a small set of sample plugins.
\par 
\par Currently, these are:
\par 
\par "plugintest.knl"
\par Test plugin - a "bare-bones" plugin which does not do anything very useful but can be used for testing purposes.
\par 
\par "kncalendar.knl"
\par Displays a small dialog box with a drop-down calendar window, which allows you to select a date and insert it in the text of the active note. Date can be inserted in long (26 June 2001) or short (21-06-2001) format. The date format used is the format which you have set in Control Panel "International Settings" applet.
\par \pard 
\par 
\par \b DOWNLOADING ADDITIONAL PLUGINS
\par \plain\fs20 
\par Additional plugins are available for downloading from KeyNote homepage:
\par 
\par \uldb \f2\cf1 http://www.lodz.pdi.net/~eristic/free/keynote.html\plain\f2\ul\fs20\cf1 {\v *!EF("http://www.lodz.pdi.net/~eristic/free/keynote.html",`',1,`')}\plain\fs20 
\par 
\par Direct download links are located on the "Download" page.
\par 
\par Among others, there are scratchpad, key autorepeater, and Discordian Calendar plugins.
\par 
\par If necessary, I will later add a separate page for distributing (and linking to) plugins created by other software authors.
\par \pard 
\par 
\par \b WHAT PLUGINS CAN DO
\par \plain\fs20 
\par In general, a plugin can:
\par 
\par a) receive text from the note which is currently active
\par b) perform its function (Execute)
\par c) return some text back to KeyNote. KeyNote will insert that text in active note, or create a new note and insert the text there.
\par 
\par Both (a) and (c) are optional. This means that a plugin can, but does not HAVE TO receive or return any text.
\par 
\par An example of a plugin that receives and returns text would be a spell checker or an RTF-to-HTML converter. An example of a plugin which only receives but does not return text would be a plugin that calculates text statistics and displays information in its own dialog box. An example of a plugin which neither receives nor returns any text would be, well, just anything a programmer can think of :) For example, a plugin could run alongside of KeyNote and display a clock, a quote of the day, or even hints for using KeyNote that change as you work.
\par \pard 
\par Further, plugins have some flexibility as to how they receive and return text. A plugin tells KeyNote what, if any, format of text it wants to receive and what, if any, format of text it returns.
\par 
\par \b A plugin can RECEIVE:
\par \plain\fs20 a) no text
\par b) full text of active note, in RTF format
\par c) full text of active note, in plain text format
\par d) currently selected text in note, in RTF format
\par e) currently selected text in note, in plain text format
\par 
\par In addition, a plugin can specify that some text MUST be selected in order for the plugin to run. In that case, KeyNote will not run the plugin unless you select some text in active note first.
\par \pard 
\par \b A plugin can RETURN:
\par \plain\fs20 a) nothing
\par b) RTF formatted text
\par c) plain text
\par d) dialog box text
\par e) clipboard data
\par 
\par For (b) and (c), the returned text will be inserted in currently active note.
\par 
\par For (d), KeyNote will display a dialog box with the text returned by the plugin. If you click OK in the dialog box, the text will be inserted in active note.
\par 
\par For (e), KeyNote will automatically paste clipboard data into active note, or display a dialog box informing you that the plugin has placed some data in clipboard. In the latter case, you can click OK in the dialog box to have the data pasted, or click Cancel to dismiss the dialog box and paste the data yourself wherever you want it.
\par \pard 
\par TIP: You can specify in KeyNote's "Options" dialog box whether you want KeyNote to automatically paste clipboard data returned by plugins, or whether KeyNote should display the confirmation dialog box.
\par 
\par TIP: Clipboard data does not need to be text - this is why the clipboard option is provided to plugin authors. For example, a plugin could just as easily place a picture on the clipboard, which you could then paste into the note.
\par 
\par 
\par \b "RESIDENT" PLUGINS
\par \plain\fs20 
\par Typically, a plugin will behave in a way similar to a normal dialog box: while the plugin is running, you cannot access the main KeyNote window, open any other dialog boxes, etc. There is no requirement for plugins to open any windows, but the principle remains: you cannot access KeyNote while a plugin is running.
\par \pard 
\par However, a plugin author can create a special type of plugin which will be called "resident plugin" here. A resident plugin is "non-modal", which means that it can run alongside KeyNote and does not block access to it in any way. For instance, a plugin could display a clock, and the clock would remain visible, in a separate window, while you wrk normally with KeyNote.
\par 
\par Resident plugins can (but do not have to) receive text from KeyNote as described in "What plugins can do", but they DO NOT return any text to KeyNote. You start a resident plugin and are immediatelt returned to KeyNote. The resident plugin can shut itself down (after it has performed some operation, for instance) or can provide a user interface to close it.
\par \pard 
\par You can run more than one resident plugin simultaneously, but you can only have one instance of any given resident plugin. If you try to execute a resident plugin which is already running, KeyNote will display an error message.
\par 
\par 
\par \b LIMITATIONS
\par \plain\fs20 
\par Currently, plugins cannot control the operation of KeyNote itself. This may be added in the future if required by plugin authors.
\par 
\par A plugin can only receive or return text from and into the note which is currently active. For tree-type notes, this means that a plugin will only receive the text of the selected (active) tree node. Plugins do receive the name of the currently loaded KNT file, though, so nothing stops a plugin from reading the whole .KNT file and operating on it independently from KeyNote. A plugin also receives the name of the active note.
\par \pard 
\par Currently, plugins do not receive any state information from KeyNote, or any information related to note trees, beyond what is specified above. In particular, a plugin cannot change KeyNote configuration options, open any KeyNote dialog boxes, run macros, etc.
\par 
\par A plugin COULD control the active RTF editor to an extent (e.g. it would be possible for a plugin to send Windows messages to the editor) but, in general, plugins should NOT attempt to do this, as there is no guarantee that a command can be executed. For instance, if the active note is read-only, commands dispatched from a plugin could modify it against the wish of ths user. And YES, it is possible to shut down, or even crash KeyNote by issuing the wrong command or message from a plugin. Obviously, plugin authors should take care not to do so.
\par \page
{\up +}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up +} BROWSE0001:0040}
{\up $}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up $} Word expansion glossary}
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} Word_expansion_glossary}
\pard {\up K}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up K} expanding terms;glossary;word expansion}
\b\fs32\cf1 Word expansion glossary
\par \plain\fs20\cf2 
\par \page
{\up +}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up +} BROWSE0001:0041}
{\up $}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up $} File manager}
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} File_manager}
\pard {\up K}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up K} file manager;KeyNote files}
\b\fs32\cf1 File manager
\par \plain\fs20\cf2 
\par \page
{\up +}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up +} BROWSE0001:0042}
{\up $}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up $} Insert character dialog box}
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} Insert_character_dialog_box}
\pard {\up K}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up K} characters: inserting, special;inserting: special characters}
\b\fs32\cf1 Insert character dialog box
\par \plain\fs20\cf2 
\par \page
{\up +}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up +} BROWSE0001:0043}
{\up $}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up $} Clipboard capture}
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} Clipboard_capture}
\pard {\up K}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up K} capturing text from clipboard;clipboard capture}
\b\fs32\cf1 Clipboard capture
\par \plain\fs20\cf2 
\par \page
{\up +}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up +} BROWSE0001:0044}
{\up $}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up $} Expression evaluation}
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} Expression_evaluation}
\pard {\up K}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up K} calculator;expression evaluation;mathematical expressions}
\b\fs32\cf1 Expression evaluation
\par \plain\fs20\cf2 
\par \page
{\up +}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up +} BROWSE0001:0045}
{\up $}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up $} Importing files as notes}
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} Importing_files_as_notes}
\pard {\up K}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up K} file formats;files: importing;importing files;supported file formats}
\b\fs32\cf1 Importing files as notes
\par \plain\fs20\cf2 
\par \page
{\up +}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up +} BROWSE0001:0046}
{\up $}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up $} Exporting notes to disk files}
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} Exporting_notes_to_disk_files}
\pard {\up K}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up K} exporting files;file formats;files: exporting;supported file formats}
\b\fs32\cf1 Exporting notes to disk files
\par \plain\fs20\cf2 
\par }